
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000023                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    23180500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   23180500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21899                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    21897                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35159544                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 223288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       14436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         14436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              9408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                30912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        21504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           21504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            927676280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            405858372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1333534652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       927676280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          927676280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           927676280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           405858372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1333534652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           483                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                            483                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        30912                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  30912                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    70                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                    36                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    26                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                     4                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                     7                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    44                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                     3                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    21                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    44                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    32                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   31                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   13                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   80                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   46                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   26                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        23120500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     483                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                        3040483                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  12980483                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      1932000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     8008000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6295.00                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    16579.71                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26874.71                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1333.53                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                1333.53                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           8.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.56                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        394                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   81.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        47868.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            46362                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                     6759                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted               4517                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect               1074                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                  4658                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                     2448                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                      442                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 168                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              12203                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          31435                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        6759                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches               2890                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                          9181                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    3076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles                   8341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                    4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           908                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      5338                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   446                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              32543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.965953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.157796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    23362     71.79%     71.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     4525     13.90%     85.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      464      1.43%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      371      1.14%     88.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      671      2.06%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      764      2.35%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      234      0.72%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      255      0.78%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                     1897      5.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                32543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.145787                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.678034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    12825                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                  9216                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      8405                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   191                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   1906                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  29374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   1906                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    13470                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                     359                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           8350                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      8008                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                   450                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  26929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                      3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents                   128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               24166                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 49969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            49969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 13819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    10347                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            693                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      2734                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 3540                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                2331                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 4                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      22748                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 650                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     21285                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               105                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined            8188                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         5672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            175                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         32543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.654058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.275967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               23299     71.59%     71.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                3475     10.68%     82.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                2346      7.21%     89.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                1731      5.32%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 922      2.83%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 467      1.44%     99.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 238      0.73%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  46      0.14%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  19      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           32543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      45     29.41%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     27     17.65%     47.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    81     52.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 15766     74.07%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 3371     15.84%     89.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                2148     10.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  21285                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.459104                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         153                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.007188                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              75371                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             31612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19647                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  21438                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               31                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1315                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          883                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            28                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   1906                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                     240                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    12                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               24537                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  3540                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 2331                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                650                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      3                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            254                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 1199                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 20207                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  3221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1078                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                          1139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         5276                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     4247                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       2055                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.435853                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          19873                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         19647                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                      9210                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     11373                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.423774                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.809813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts            9300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             475                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              1074                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        30637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.191683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        23339     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         4026     13.14%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1377      4.49%     93.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          766      2.50%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          357      1.17%     97.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          269      0.88%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          324      1.06%     99.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           65      0.21%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          114      0.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        30637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                15162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                  15162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           3673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          2225                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       3358                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                     12174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   114                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        54162                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       50836                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           13819                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                       14436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                         14436                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                 14436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               3.211554                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         3.211554                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.311376                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.311376                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    32290                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   17967                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                    6967                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                    569                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                191.466325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                     4845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  14.334320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     191.466325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.093489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.093489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         4845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            4845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          4845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             4845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         4845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            4845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         5338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         5338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.092357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47430.020284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47430.020284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47430.020284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47430.020284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47430.020284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47430.020284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     17113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     17113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     17113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.063320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.063320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.063320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50631.656805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50631.656805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50631.656805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50631.656805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50631.656805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50631.656805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               225.767373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.005000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    190.872097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     34.895277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.005825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.006890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16755500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20527500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4421500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4421500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16755500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      8193500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     24949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16755500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      8193500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     24949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.995025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49867.559524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58937.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51318.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53271.084337                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53271.084337                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49867.559524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55738.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51654.244306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49867.559524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55738.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51654.244306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12529012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2980062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15509074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3397062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3397062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12529012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6377124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18906136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12529012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6377124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18906136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37288.726190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46563.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38772.685000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40928.457831                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40928.457831                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37288.726190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43381.795918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39143.138716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37288.726190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43381.795918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39143.138716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 99.943036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     4019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  27.340136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      99.943036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.024400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.024400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         2980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            2980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total               6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         4013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            4013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     19544474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     19544474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     26487474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     26487474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     26487474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     26487474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         3110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         4552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         4552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.283634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.283634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.118409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53407.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53407.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        47786                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        47786                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49141.881262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49141.881262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49141.881262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49141.881262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          378                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                28                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3836500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3836500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4505500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4505500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8342000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8342000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057559                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057559                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59945.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59945.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54283.132530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54283.132530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56748.299320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56748.299320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56748.299320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56748.299320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
