
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.901720                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1901719660500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1901719660500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128809                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   128809                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4317556960                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 340604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   440.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56735321                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56735321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           857600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24596992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2651904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           118720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           533440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28758656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       857600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       118720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          976320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7726912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7726912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             13400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            384328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              8335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                449354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          120733                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               120733                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              450960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12934079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1394477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               62428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              280504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15122448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         450960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          62428                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             513388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4063118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4063118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4063118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             450960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12934079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1394477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              62428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             280504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19185566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        449354                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       120733                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         587676                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     28758656                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7726912                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               28758656                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7726912                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       75                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4987                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 28470                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 27991                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 28541                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 28079                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 28255                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 28278                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 27951                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 27937                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 28148                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 28118                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                28117                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                28100                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                27877                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                27800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                27868                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                27749                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7940                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7547                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  7751                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  7437                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7593                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  7293                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  7361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  7612                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 7622                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 7539                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 7418                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7408                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 7246                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                         393                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1901668058000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  449354                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 121126                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                 4987                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    322670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     66093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     30768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      6525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      2881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      2394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                       98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      4973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      5082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     1200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                      277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                      115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     6361514382                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               13649024382                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1797116000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  5490394000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14159.39                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12220.46                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30379.84                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.12                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.12                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   4.06                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        13.85                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     429052                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     77896                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  64.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3335750.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.l2c.replacements                        342488                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     65273.985795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         2579319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        407454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          6.330332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                    5415654002                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        53688.105683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          5378.814643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          5989.071273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           150.579784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            67.414412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.819215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.082074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.091386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.002298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.001029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.996002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             855139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             732341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             222061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              70684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1880225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          820780                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               820780                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             163                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             274                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 437                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                74                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           155166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            26038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               181204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              855139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              887507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              222061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               96722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2061429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             855139                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             887507                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             222061                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              96722                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2061429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            13402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           273000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               289152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2698                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3825                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          423                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          448                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             871                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         111862                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           7571                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             119433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             13402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            384862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              8450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                408585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            13402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           384862                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             8450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               408585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    813261500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11720735498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    126107500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66824498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    12726928996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1011000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4739996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      5750996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1139500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       114000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1253500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7926259499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    948720500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8874979999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    813261500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19646994997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    126107500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1015544998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     21601908995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    813261500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19646994997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    126107500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1015544998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    21601908995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         868541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        1005341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         223932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          71563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2169377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       820780                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           820780                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2861                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1401                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4262                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          471                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          474                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           945                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       267028                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        33609                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           300637                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          868541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1272369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          223932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          105172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2470014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         868541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1272369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         223932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         105172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2470014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.271550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.008355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.012283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.133288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.943027                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.804425                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.897466                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898089                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.945148                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.921693                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.418915                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.225267                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.397266                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.302477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.008355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.080345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.165418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.302477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.008355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.080345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.165418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60682.099687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42933.097062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 67401.122394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76023.319681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44014.667013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   374.722016                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4205.852706                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1503.528366                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2693.853428                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   254.464286                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1439.150402                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70857.480637                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 125309.800555                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74309.277997                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60682.099687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51049.454082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 67401.122394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 120182.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52870.049060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60682.099687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51049.454082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 67401.122394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 120182.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52870.049060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               79213                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    79213                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          289134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2698                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1127                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3825                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          423                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          448                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          871                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       111862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7571                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        119433                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       384862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           408567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       384862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          408567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    644081442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8187744767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    101989522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     55676772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8989492503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27208158                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11300121                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38508279                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4442418                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4488947                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8931365                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6555553694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    854426889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7409980583                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    644081442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14743298461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    101989522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    910103661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16399473086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    644081442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14743298461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    101989522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    910103661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16399473086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1363910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     28770000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1392680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2007132500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    609318500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2616451000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3371042500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    638088500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4009131000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.271550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.943027                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.804425                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.897466                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898089                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.945148                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.921693                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.418915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.225267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.302477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.080335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.165411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.302477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.080335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48062.192523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29991.739073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54980.874394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63413.179954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31091.094451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10084.565604                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10026.726708                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10067.523922                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10502.170213                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10019.970982                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10254.150402                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58603.937834                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 112855.222428                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62042.991326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48062.192523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38308.012901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54980.874394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 107717.322878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40139.005563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48062.192523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38308.012901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54980.874394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 107717.322878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40139.005563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     41699                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     0.510808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1705448726000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       0.510808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.031925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.031925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41731                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41731                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21606998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21606998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9515470806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9515470806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9537077804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9537077804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9537077804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9537077804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120709.486034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120709.486034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 229001.511504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229001.511504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 228537.006158                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228537.006158                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 228537.006158                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228537.006158                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        190616                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                22877                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.332211                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7352694535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7352694535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7364992535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7364992535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7364992535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7364992535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68703.910615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68703.910615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 176951.639753                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176951.639753                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 176487.324411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176487.324411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 176487.324411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176487.324411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8796431                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     31428                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          541                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  625134                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5759616                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     8293                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         340                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 208056                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    14556047                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     39721                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          881                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  833190                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     984271                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                    30098                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         957                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                1014369                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       101814962                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                12372868                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted          10433314                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            330387                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              8151024                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 5278103                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  784011                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect              32544                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          24931217                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      63627814                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   12372868                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           6062114                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     11958171                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1721751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              36639586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles               31996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       197160                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       291451                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          250                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  7650026                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               223701                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          75155119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.846620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.185016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                63196948     84.09%     84.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  760434      1.01%     85.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1555219      2.07%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  695943      0.93%     88.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 2597980      3.46%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  515321      0.69%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  570202      0.76%     93.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  825200      1.10%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4437872      5.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            75155119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.121523                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.624936                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                26159678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             36134055                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 10861438                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               929510                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1070437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              506952                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                35177                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              62384726                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               105081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1070437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                27188236                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               14621537                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      18000496                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 10158555                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              4115856                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              58951339                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 6767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                643786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1455498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           39478397                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             71801839                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        71417626                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           384213                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             34623741                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4854648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts           1439423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        209577                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 11309679                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9204846                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6035425                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1140474                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          743155                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  52262338                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1790513                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 51072320                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            91453                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5903524                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3097982                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       1211963                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     75155119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.679559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.328921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           52460165     69.80%     69.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           10326519     13.74%     83.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4642920      6.18%     89.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3073584      4.09%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2437230      3.24%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1208862      1.61%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             646282      0.86%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             308169      0.41%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              51388      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       75155119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  82854     12.32%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                311669     46.35%     58.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               277938     41.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3774      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             35204584     68.93%     68.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               56105      0.11%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15686      0.03%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1879      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9153958     17.92%     87.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5827340     11.41%     98.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            808994      1.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              51072320                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.501619                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     672462                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013167                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         177512873                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         59702358                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     50032811                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             550800                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            266343                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       260046                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              51452584                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 288424                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          541788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1120800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2789                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12579                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       457772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        18421                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       147130                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1070437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               10393328                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               793846                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           57261563                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           642303                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9204846                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6035425                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           1577054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                582295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5281                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         12579                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        164111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       347239                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              511350                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             50686887                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8851053                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           385432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      3208712                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14632506                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8068479                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5781453                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.497833                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      50383937                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     50292857                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 25094352                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 33818001                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.493963                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.742041                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6371688                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         578550                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           477828                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     74084682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.685601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.604018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     55026515     74.28%     74.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7939418     10.72%     84.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4342581      5.86%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2354466      3.18%     94.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1312338      1.77%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       550007      0.74%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       466229      0.63%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       437204      0.59%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1655924      2.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     74084682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            50792559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              50792559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13661699                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8084046                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     197074                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7671683                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    257823                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 47034170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              648346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1655924                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   129398549                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  115399767                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                        1054205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       26659843                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  3701617819                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   47867129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     47867129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             47867129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.127033                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.127033                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.470138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.470138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                66695316                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               36408183                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   127649                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  129302                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1695809                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                808592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                867960                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               510.328414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 6737923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                868472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                  7.758365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           20312098000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   510.328414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.996735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6737923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6737923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6737923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6737923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6737923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6737923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       912101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       912101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       912101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        912101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       912101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       912101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12723011493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12723011493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12723011493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12723011493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12723011493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12723011493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      7650024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7650024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      7650024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7650024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      7650024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7650024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.119229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.119229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.119229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.119229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13949.125692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13949.125692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13949.125692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13949.125692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13949.125692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13949.125692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          438                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.013889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          438                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        43445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        43445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        43445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        43445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        43445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        43445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       868656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       868656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       868656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       868656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       868656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       868656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10487782996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10487782996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10487782996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10487782996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10487782996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10487782996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.113549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.113549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.113549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12073.574575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12073.574575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12073.574575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12073.574575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12073.574575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12073.574575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements               1274576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               505.658053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                10359284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs               1275088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                  8.124368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              21802000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.658053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.987613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.987613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6368256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6368256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3633863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3633863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       160621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       160621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       185111                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       185111                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10002119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10002119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10002119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10002119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1588144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1588144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1741180                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1741180                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        20406                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        20406                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         2921                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2921                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3329324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3329324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3329324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3329324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34092049500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34092049500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  69554473067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  69554473067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    288471000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    288471000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21390500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     21390500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103646522567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 103646522567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103646522567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 103646522567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7956400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7956400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5375043                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5375043                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       181027                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       181027                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       188032                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       188032                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13331443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13331443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13331443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13331443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.199606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.199606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323938                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.323938                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.112724                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.112724                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015535                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015535                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.249735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.249735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.249735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.249735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21466.598432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21466.598432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39946.744775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39946.744775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14136.577477                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14136.577477                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7323.005820                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7323.005820                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31131.401620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31131.401620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31131.401620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31131.401620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2393556                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1763                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            48538                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.313033                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   251.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       749955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           749955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       587926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       587926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1468148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1468148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         4517                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         4517                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2056074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2056074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2056074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2056074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1000218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1000218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       273032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       273032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        15889                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15889                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2921                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2921                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1273250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1273250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1273250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1273250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21325955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21325955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10169026713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10169026713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    181062500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181062500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15548500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15548500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31494981713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31494981713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31494981713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31494981713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1455479000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1455479000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2128324998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2128324998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3583803998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3583803998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050796                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050796                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087771                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087771                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015535                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015535                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21321.306955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21321.306955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37244.816406                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37244.816406                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11395.462269                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11395.462269                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5323.005820                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5323.005820                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24735.897674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24735.897674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24735.897674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24735.897674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1943067                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     10795                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           23                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  324453                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1254400                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     2201                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          63                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 132933                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     3197467                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     12996                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           86                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  457386                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     434450                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     7705                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                         232                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 442155                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        16039611                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                 2617746                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted           2161338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             77903                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              1516620                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  873996                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  182212                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect               8242                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6032367                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      12375417                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    2617746                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           1056208                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      2219979                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                 406574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles               6282819                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles               27064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        67109                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        53469                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  1501296                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                52568                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          14943285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.828159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.202626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                12723306     85.14%     85.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  143447      0.96%     86.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  238457      1.60%     87.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                  178791      1.20%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  308600      2.07%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  118341      0.79%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                  133550      0.89%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  199066      1.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                  899727      6.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            14943285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.163205                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.771553                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                 5967965                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              6534138                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  2076282                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               111928                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                252971                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              114663                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                 7593                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              12129871                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                22496                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                252971                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                 6175430                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                 499012                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles       5393527                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  1978606                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               643737                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              11250530                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                   66                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 56207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents               157985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands            7407591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             13449617                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        13309138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups           140479                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              6324692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                 1082899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            450684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts         43314                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  1976964                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             2055976                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            1329039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           193469                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores          109268                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9879442                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             495628                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9611427                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            29957                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1443490                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       718060                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        356268                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     14943285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.643194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.319140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10722627     71.76%     71.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1934278     12.94%     84.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             829364      5.55%     90.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             551304      3.69%     93.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             470726      3.15%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             216087      1.45%     98.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             139402      0.93%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              71218      0.48%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               8279      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       14943285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   3634      1.84%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                107033     54.32%     56.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                86373     43.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3526      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5997328     62.40%     62.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               16465      0.17%     62.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     62.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10793      0.11%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1763      0.02%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2032935     21.15%     83.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1277891     13.30%     97.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            270726      2.82%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total               9611427                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.599231                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     197040                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.020501                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          34189984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11721176                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9344184                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             203152                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             99152                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        96176                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses               9699010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 105931                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           93506                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       286352                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1028                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1836                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129863                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          382                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         9210                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                252971                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 330484                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                40597                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10884350                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           145943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2055976                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1329039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            449000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33362                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2246                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          1836                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35752                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       100142                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              135894                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9521603                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1961135                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            89824                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       509280                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     3223669                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 1421889                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   1262534                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.593631                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                       9469121                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                      9440360                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                  4419848                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                  6207573                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.588565                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712009                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1489613                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         139360                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           127942                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     14690314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.634143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.577922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     11205689     76.28%     76.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626477     11.07%     87.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       606444      4.13%     91.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       368240      2.51%     93.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       264133      1.80%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104886      0.71%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       108759      0.74%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107326      0.73%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       298360      2.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     14690314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts             9315763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps               9315763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       2968800                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      1769624                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                      44277                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   1334383                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                     94889                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                  8635888                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              148923                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               298360                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                    25106022                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   21862282                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         131003                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                        1096326                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  3786825078                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    8868192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                      8868192                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total              8868192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.808668                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.808668                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.552893                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.552893                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                12288735                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                6719305                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    52595                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   52295                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 519807                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                218837                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                223384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               470.911172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                 1268764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                223896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                  5.666756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle          1876151234000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   470.911172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.919748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.919748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      1268764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1268764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      1268764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1268764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      1268764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1268764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       232532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       232532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       232532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        232532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       232532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       232532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3191119498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3191119498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3191119498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3191119498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3191119498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3191119498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      1501296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1501296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      1501296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1501296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      1501296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1501296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.154888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.154888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.154888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.154888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.154888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.154888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13723.356347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13723.356347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13723.356347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13723.356347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13723.356347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13723.356347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          852                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.043478                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         8568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         8568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         8568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       223964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       223964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       223964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       223964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       223964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2651052998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2651052998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2651052998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2651052998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2651052998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2651052998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.149180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.149180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.149180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11836.960395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11836.960395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11836.960395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11836.960395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11836.960395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11836.960395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                107089                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               492.773988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                 2615920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                107493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 24.335724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           38980492000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   492.773988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.962449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.962449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1604976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1604976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       940707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        940707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        33481                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        33481                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        32051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        32051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      2545683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         2545683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      2545683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        2545683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       206048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       206048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       217271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       217271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         5237                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5237                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         3060                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3060                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       423319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        423319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       423319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       423319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3148302000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3148302000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8860772084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8860772084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     54690000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     54690000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22134000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     22134000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12009074084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12009074084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12009074084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12009074084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1811024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1811024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1157978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1157978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        38718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        38718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35111                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        35111                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2969002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2969002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2969002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2969002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.113774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.113774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.187630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.187630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135260                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.135260                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087152                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.087152                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.142580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.142580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.142580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.142580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15279.459155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15279.459155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40782.120412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40782.120412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10443.001719                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10443.001719                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7233.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7233.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28368.852057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28368.852057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28368.852057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28368.852057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       339060                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3910                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    86.716113                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        70825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            70825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       127864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       178553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       178553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          567                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          567                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       306417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       306417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       306417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       306417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        78184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        38718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        38718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4670                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         4670                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3058                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         3058                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       116902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       116902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    956868500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    956868500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1322831987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322831987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     38016500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38016500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     16018000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16018000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2279700487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2279700487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2279700487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2279700487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     30982500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     30982500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    645432500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    645432500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    676415000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    676415000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033436                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033436                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.120616                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120616                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087095                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087095                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12238.674153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12238.674153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34165.814014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34165.814014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8140.578158                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8140.578158                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5238.064094                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5238.064094                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19500.953679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19500.953679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19500.953679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19500.953679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6541                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    182292                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   64399     40.43%     40.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    137      0.09%     40.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1928      1.21%     41.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    188      0.12%     41.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  92618     58.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              159270                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    63397     49.20%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     137      0.11%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1928      1.50%     50.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     188      0.15%     50.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   63212     49.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               128862                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1866521704000     98.15%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               63425000      0.00%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              571234500      0.03%     98.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               91794500      0.00%     98.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            34470644500      1.81%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1901718802500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.984441                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.682502                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.809079                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         7      3.47%      3.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        16      7.92%     11.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.98%     13.37% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        29     14.36%     27.72% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.50%     28.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.46%     32.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        7      3.47%     36.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        4      1.98%     38.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.50%     38.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.49%     40.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.47%     43.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.99%     44.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       34     16.83%     61.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.49%     62.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                        8      3.96%     66.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        9      4.46%     71.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.50%     71.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        5      2.48%     74.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       25     12.38%     86.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.49%     88.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.97%     91.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.50%     91.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        2      0.99%     92.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        7      3.47%     96.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.99%     97.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.99%     98.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.50%     98.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.50%     99.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.99%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   202                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  291      0.17%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3482      2.08%      2.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      48      0.03%      2.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               152520     91.05%     93.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6170      3.68%     97.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     97.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     97.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     8      0.00%     97.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     97.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4499      2.69%     99.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 333      0.20%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     137      0.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                167505                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7002                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1256                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1255                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1256                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.179235                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.304069                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1899848666000     99.90%     99.90% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          1870128500      0.10%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3483                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2459                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     57520                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   17961     36.86%     36.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1928      3.96%     40.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    291      0.60%     41.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  28549     58.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               48729                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    17586     47.40%     47.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1928      5.20%     52.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     291      0.78%     53.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   17296     46.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                37101                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1876762048000     98.70%     98.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              532687000      0.03%     98.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              132052500      0.01%     98.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            24006771500      1.26%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1901433559000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.979121                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.605836                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.761374                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.81%      0.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        14     11.29%     12.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        13     10.48%     22.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.81%     23.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      4.84%     28.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        3      2.42%     30.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::20                        2      1.61%     32.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.42%     34.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.42%     37.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.23%     40.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       20     16.13%     56.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.42%     58.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        2      1.61%     60.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.81%     61.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        2      1.61%     62.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       29     23.39%     86.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      8.06%     94.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::90                        1      0.81%     95.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::92                        2      1.61%     96.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.42%     99.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.81%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   124                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  188      0.37%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1118      2.21%      2.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       6      0.01%      2.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                43429     85.72%     88.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2596      5.12%     93.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     93.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3081      6.08%     99.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 184      0.36%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      43      0.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 50665                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1406                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                488                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2430                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                704                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  488                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  216                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.500711                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.088889                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.325624                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        4780653500      0.25%      0.25% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           828450500      0.04%      0.29% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1895813783000     99.71%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    1119                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
