
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.985090                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                985089830500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               985089830500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 109003                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   109003                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59005665                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 485696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 16694.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1819780127                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1819780127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             54976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         125364992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            125419968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        54976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           54976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     65155520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          65155520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data            1958828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1959687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1018055                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1018055                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                55808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            127262497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               127318306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           55808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              55808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          66141704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               66141704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          66141704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               55808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           127262497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              193460010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       1959687                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                      1018055                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                        2977742                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    125419968                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  65155520                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              125419968                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               65155520                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      582                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                122431                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                123239                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                122861                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                121276                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                122602                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                122222                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                124477                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                123481                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                121547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                122168                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               122610                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               120102                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               120483                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               121941                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               124488                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               123177                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 63120                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 63438                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 63830                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 63407                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 63139                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 62716                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 63395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 63432                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 62525                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 63278                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                63960                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                63327                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                63976                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                64713                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                65307                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                64492                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    985089778500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 1959687                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                1018055                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1651728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    192414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     82029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                     32933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     42510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     44115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     44249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     44264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     44264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     1754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                    19640844571                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               85229742571                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   7836420000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 57752478000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10025.42                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    29479.01                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  43504.43                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         127.32                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          66.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 127.32                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  66.14                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.09                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.28                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     834572                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    194113                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   42.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  19.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       330817.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    444784566                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                    4897078                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                449681644                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   160833172                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                   1701304                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               162534476                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    605617738                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                    6598382                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                612216120                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   231916745                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        22                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               231916767                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   29                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1970179662                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.lookups         326556831                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branch_predictor.condPredicted    252596788                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branch_predictor.condIncorrect    138232865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBLookups      218937552                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBHits         135479530                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branch_predictor.usedRAS          16767439                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branch_predictor.RASInCorrect            6                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBHitPct       61.880444                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken    172296521                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken    154260310                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads   1667620352                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites   1376202617                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses   3043822969                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads          232                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites          345                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses          577                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards      651716748                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                  617888959                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect    120522099                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     11112308                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted      131634407                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted          83565858                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     61.168329                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions       1139351244                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies                75                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                    1741570972                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                         7474606                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                       398498363                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                       1571681299                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         79.773501                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                         444595663                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                        160728502                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                      214632552                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                           83736345                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                              29                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                          916086844                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                              190                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1819780127                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                    1819780127                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total            1819780127                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               1.082647                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.082647                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.923662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.923662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                783567133                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                1186612529                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               60.228646                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles               1036391021                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                 933788641                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization               47.396116                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                997796043                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                 972383619                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               49.355073                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles               1560555740                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                 409623922                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization               20.791196                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                948846788                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                1021332874                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               51.839581                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                667.601881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                231915637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               269983.279395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     667.601881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.325977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.325977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    231915637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       231915637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     231915637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        231915637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    231915637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       231915637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    231916745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    231916745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    231916745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    231916745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    231916745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    231916745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54087.545126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54087.545126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54087.545126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54087.545126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54087.545126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54087.545126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           63                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           63                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55079.161816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55079.161816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55079.161816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55079.161816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55079.161816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55079.161816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements               1926956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             30892.708902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 8958711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs               1956749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  4.578365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle           67095700002                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 15036.085957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     35.170225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data  15821.452721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.458865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.482832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.942771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      6044304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        6044304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3693296                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3693296                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data      1108342                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total      1108342                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      7152646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         7152646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      7152646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        7152646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1177532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1178391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       781296                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       781296                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1958828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total       1959687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1958828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1959687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  76219681500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76266131500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  54834553000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54834553000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 131054234500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 131100684500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 131054234500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 131100684500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      7221836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7222695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3693296                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3693296                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      1889638                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1889638                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      9111474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      9112333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      9111474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      9112333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.163052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.413463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.215059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.215059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54074.505239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64728.331374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64720.565160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70184.095400                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70184.095400                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54074.505239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66904.411464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66898.787664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54074.505239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66904.411464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66898.787664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1018055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total          1018055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1177532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1178391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       781296                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       781296                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1958828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1959687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1958828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1959687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35585421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  61199276421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61234861842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44953209175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44953209175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35585421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 106152485596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 106188071017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35585421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 106152485596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 106188071017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.163052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41426.566938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51972.495373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51964.807812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57536.719982                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57536.719982                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41426.566938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54191.835933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54186.240464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41426.566938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54191.835933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54186.240464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                9107378                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4082.173275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                593539212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                9111474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  65.141953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle            12614691000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4082.173275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.996624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.996624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    437268752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       437268752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    156270460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      156270460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     593539212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        593539212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    593539212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       593539212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7326911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7326911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      4458042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4458042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     11784953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11784953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     11784953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11784953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 160323624500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 160323624500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 195351556000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 195351556000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 355675180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 355675180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 355675180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 355675180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    444595663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    444595663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    605324165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    605324165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    605324165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    605324165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21881.475631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21881.475631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43820.034894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43820.034894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30180.449638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30180.449638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30180.449638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30180.449638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      9247830                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4818517                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            358256                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets           65602                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.813469                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    73.450764                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3693296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3693296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       104633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       104633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2568846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2568846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2673479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2673479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2673479                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2673479                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7222278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7222278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1889196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1889196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9111474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9111474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9111474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9111474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 144015924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 144015924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  67975303000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  67975303000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 211991227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 211991227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 211991227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 211991227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19940.512398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19940.512398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35981.075018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35981.075018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23266.403109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23266.403109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23266.403109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23266.403109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
