
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.829331                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1829330593000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1829330593000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1577718                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1577717                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            48072530632                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 294780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    38.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60037737                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      60037737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            857856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          66839296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             70349440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       857856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          857856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7411136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7411136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data            1044364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1099210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115799                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115799                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               468945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             36537571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1449868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                38456384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          468945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             468945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4051283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4051283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4051283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              468945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            36537571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1449868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               42507667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                             0                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                              0                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                            0                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                      0                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                               0                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                              0                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                         0                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                            0                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                           0                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                            nan                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                         nan                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                          nan                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                       nan                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                          0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                             nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.iocache.replacements                     41686                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     1.225558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1685780599067                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       1.225558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.076597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.076597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41726                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9710417                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10329                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728856                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6352487                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1142                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291931                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     16062904                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020787                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4974615                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5006                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4979621                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       3658661078                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    60037737                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      60037737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              55912968                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324460                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1484174                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7110641                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     55912968                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324460                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            76953007                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           41739788                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166520                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      16115688                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9747503                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6368185                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3598606250.520791                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               60054827.479209                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.016414                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.983586                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6357                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211316                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74830     40.99%     40.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     243      0.13%     41.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1866      1.02%     42.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  105620     57.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               182559                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73463     49.29%     49.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      243      0.16%     49.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1866      1.25%     50.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73463     49.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149035                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1811925911500     99.05%     99.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                20110000      0.00%     99.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                80238000      0.00%     99.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             17304126000      0.95%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1829330385500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981732                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.695541                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.816366                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4177      2.17%      2.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175246     91.19%     93.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6771      3.52%     96.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5203      2.71%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192177                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5948                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1735                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2098                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1906                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1735                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   171                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.320444                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081506                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.389735                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        26832734500      1.47%      1.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           1465059000      0.08%      1.55% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1801032591000     98.45%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4178                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 919577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                511.215229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 59129371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 920089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  64.264839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle             9686972500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     511.215229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.998467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.998467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     59129371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        59129371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      59129371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         59129371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     59129371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        59129371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       920204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        920204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       920204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         920204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       920204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        920204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     60049575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     60049575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     60049575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     60049575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     60049575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     60049575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2042707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.997802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 14038405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2043219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                   6.870729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle               10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.997802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7807769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7807769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5848199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5848199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       183140                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183140                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199281                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199281                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13655968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13655968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13655968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13655968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1721709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1721709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17162                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17162                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2026074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2026074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2026074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2026074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      9529478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9529478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6152564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6152564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199281                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199281                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15682042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15682042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15682042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15682042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.180672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.180672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085681                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.085681                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.129197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.129197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       833491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            833491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                992297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             65424.375500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 2433228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs               1057460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  2.301012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle             614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 56309.097197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   4867.351143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data   4247.927159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.859209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.074270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.064818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.998297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       906782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       811231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1718013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       833491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       833491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187234                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187234                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       906782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       998465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1905247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       906782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       998465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1905247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        13404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       927640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       941044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       117115                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       117115                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1044755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total       1058159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1044755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1058159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       920186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1738871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2659057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       833491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       833491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304349                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304349                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       920186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2043220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2963406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       920186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2043220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2963406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.533473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.353901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.384805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.384805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.511328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.357075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.511328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.357075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        74287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            74287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
