
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.092969                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1092968826500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1092968826500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64747                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83356                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1148881552                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 415112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   951.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61595972                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      79298956                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           59                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst          351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           59                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          410                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           59                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst          351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     48758784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           408768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4356148                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           407360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          5254000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             59186980                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       408768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       407360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          816128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4265536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3010344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7292880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6094848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             68137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             82120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6257887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66649                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           752586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               823485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        44611322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              373998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             3985610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              372710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             4807090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                54152487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         373998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         372710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             746707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3902706                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data              15554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            2754282                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                6672542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3902706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       44611322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             373998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            4001164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             372710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            7561372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               60825028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       6257887                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       823485                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         281561                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    400504768                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52703040                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               59186980                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7292880                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       99                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite              12576                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                391078                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                391463                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                391295                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                391282                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                391106                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                390838                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                390638                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                390722                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                391599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                391075                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               391119                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               391349                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               391010                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               391200                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               391075                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               390939                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 50710                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 51048                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 50959                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 50974                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 51767                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 51577                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 51386                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 51435                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51989                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 51698                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                51575                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51742                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51637                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                51748                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                51658                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51582                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                     1176096                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1092967540000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                     105                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                 6094848                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  162934                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                1932932                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66649                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                12576                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    496879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    431716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    387410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                    401103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   1104120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1111115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2162095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     27972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     13923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     13366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    13210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    24040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    20771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    31247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    16482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     2056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    32681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    32541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    32438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    32329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    32203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    31998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    31833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    31649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    31462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                   164150101325                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              197462743325                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  25031152000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  8281490000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       26231.33                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1323.39                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31554.72                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         366.44                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          48.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  54.15                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   6.67                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.18                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.65                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                    6229568                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    789194                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  95.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       154344.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.l2c.replacements                         72641                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     53795.283774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1870380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        137779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         13.575218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        39404.658188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       3.902854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.000810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4010.788267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          2816.355225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker      10.914137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          3736.677098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          3811.987195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.601267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.061200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.042974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.057017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.058166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.820851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        31008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             386125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             166511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        49385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             590760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             198089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1431808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          581288                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               581288                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1275                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             889                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2164                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           189                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               334                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            48752                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            58366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               107118                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         31008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          4497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              386125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              215263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         49385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          5433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              590760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              256455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1538926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        31008                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             386125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             215263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        49385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             590760                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             256455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1538926                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             6335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                25357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          5149                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3784                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8933                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          643                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          408                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1051                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          63102                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          76972                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             140074                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             69498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             83307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                165431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            69498                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6329                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            83307                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               165431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       717000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    326644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    351867998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1444500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    345049500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    365249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1391089998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9054984                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11616000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     20670984                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       661000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2846498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3507498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3082603488                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4220265994                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7302869482                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    326644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3434471486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1444500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    345049500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4585514994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      8693959480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    326644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3434471486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1444500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    345049500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4585514994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     8693959480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        31019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         392392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         172907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        49402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         597089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         204424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1457165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       581288                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           581288                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6424                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4673                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11097                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          832                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          553                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1385                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       111854                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135338                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247192                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        31019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          392392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          284761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        49402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          597089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          339762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1704357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        31019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         392392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         284761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        49402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         597089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         339762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1704357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.030990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.017402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801526                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.809758                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.804992                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.772837                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.737794                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.758845                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.564146                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.568739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.566661                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.244057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.245192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.097064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.244057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.245192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.097064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 65181.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52121.270145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55013.758286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 84970.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54518.802338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57655.722178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54860.196317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1758.590794                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3069.767442                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2314.002463                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1027.993779                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6976.710784                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3337.295909                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48851.121803                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54828.586941                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52135.795951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 65181.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52121.270145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49418.278022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 84970.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54518.802338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55043.573697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52553.387696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 65181.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52121.270145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49418.278022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 84970.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54518.802338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55043.573697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52553.387696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               66649                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    66649                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                72                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5149                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3784                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8933                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          643                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          408                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        63102                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        140074                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           165359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          165359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       578020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247369568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    268980439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1227032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    264820900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    284075297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1067144258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51815000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     38464202                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90279202                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6474121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4094402                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10568523                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2301961811                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3263562835                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5565524646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       578020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247369568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2570942250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1227032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    264820900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3547638132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6632668904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       578020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247369568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2570942250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1227032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    264820900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3547638132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6632668904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      4558163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12397759064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      1815064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154673182999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167077315290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    998522739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  17312425061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18310947800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      4558163                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13396281803                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      1815064                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 171985608060                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 185388263090                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801526                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.809758                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804992                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.772837                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.737794                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758845                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.564146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.568739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.243924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.245125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.097021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.243924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.245125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 52547.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        46501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39496.977167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42305.825574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 72178.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 41888.785195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45005.592047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42204.637453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10063.119052                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10164.958245                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10106.257920                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10068.617418                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10035.299020                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10055.683159                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36480.013486                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42399.350868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39732.745877                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 52547.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        46501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39496.977167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37013.277426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 72178.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 41888.785195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42596.874934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40110.722150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 52547.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        46501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39496.977167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37013.277426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 72178.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 41888.785195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42596.874934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40110.722150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8918270                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     33761                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5143475                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     6030                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    2137                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1055                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   365                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      538                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8952031                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5149505                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14061745                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          39791                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14101536                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     4226389                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      5148                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1370                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1520                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 4231537                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          4226389                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           5148                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      4231537                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        67785734                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                 6012491                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted           4585363                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            296577                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              3765620                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 2919015                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  674578                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect              28863                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          11763968                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      32049970                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6012491                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3593593                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      7526717                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1460555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     62547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              20715231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        54522                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        85492                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          252                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4224665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               156872                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2292                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          41263116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.003783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.384047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                33743827     81.78%     81.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  566856      1.37%     83.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  818944      1.98%     85.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  676218      1.64%     86.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  773991      1.88%     88.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  560705      1.36%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  670652      1.63%     91.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  352961      0.86%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3098962      7.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            41263116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.088698                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.472813                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                12272697                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             20662299                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6831890                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               510283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                985947                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              936613                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                64715                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              40060631                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               213244                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                985947                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                12836550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5831447                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      12738222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6726939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2144011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              38954643                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                419770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1235917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents              48                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           39310777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            175935751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       175901847                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            33904                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             30931608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8379168                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            411632                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        370766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5325827                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7663556                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5690026                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1120184                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1252239                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  36870649                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             896350                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 37273811                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            81085                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6313763                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13211798                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        257333                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     41263116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.903320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.511259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26116346     63.29%     63.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5727985     13.88%     77.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3164328      7.67%     84.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2471717      5.99%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2127646      5.16%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             929575      2.25%     98.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             487199      1.18%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             186194      0.45%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              52126      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       41263116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  25847      2.42%      2.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   453      0.04%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                842941     78.82%     81.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               200262     18.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            52409      0.14%      0.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22347449     59.95%     60.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46908      0.13%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   1      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  7      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              5      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           704      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            5      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9376305     25.16%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5450017     14.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              37273811                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.549877                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1069503                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         116992528                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         44088817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     34369527                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               8360                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              4604                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3860                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              38286519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4386                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          307254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1385688                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2397                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        13227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       538655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2192760                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5477                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                985947                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4198442                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               101973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           37885007                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            86572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7663556                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5690026                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            571892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 40888                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3331                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         13227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        150955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118096                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              269051                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             36896358                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9233299                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           377453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       118008                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14636338                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4860481                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5403039                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.544309                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      36702505                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     34373387                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 18311880                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 35235348                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.507089                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.519702                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6136748                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         639017                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           232971                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     40277169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.776860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.743491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28628964     71.08%     71.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5718437     14.20%     85.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1895078      4.71%     89.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       977858      2.43%     92.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       774389      1.92%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       507385      1.26%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       386799      0.96%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       213802      0.53%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1174457      2.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     40277169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            23678178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              31289712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      11429239                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6277868                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     229666                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4244753                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      3838                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 27646281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              489273                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1174457                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    75678018                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   75840987                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         360810                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       26522618                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2118110205                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   23597436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31208970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             23597436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.872589                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.872589                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.348118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.348118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               172012852                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               34120799                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     3233                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     892                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               13056447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                451188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                392549                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.079018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 3800627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                393061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                  9.669306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle            6496390000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.079018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.998201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3800627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3800627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3800627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3800627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3800627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3800627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       423907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       423907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       423907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        423907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       423907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       423907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5778558992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5778558992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5778558992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5778558992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5778558992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5778558992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4224534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4224534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4224534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4224534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4224534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4224534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13631.666833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13631.666833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13631.666833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13631.666833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13631.666833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13631.666833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.326797                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        30826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30826                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        30826                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       393081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       393081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       393081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       393081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       393081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4722265492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4722265492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4722265492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4722265492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4722265492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4722265492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      7139500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7139500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      7139500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7139500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12013.466670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12013.466670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12013.466670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12013.466670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12013.466670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12013.466670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                276186                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               460.207954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                 9271152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                276698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 33.506393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              36452000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   460.207954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.898844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.898844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5791916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5791916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3159128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3159128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       139197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       139197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       137104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       137104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8951044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8951044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8951044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8951044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       391497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       391497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1585211                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1585211                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8805                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8805                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1976708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1976708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1976708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1976708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5419802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5419802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59847292371                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  59847292371                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88405500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     88405500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46738000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     46738000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  65267094371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  65267094371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  65267094371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  65267094371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6183413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6183413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4744339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4744339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       148002                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       148002                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       144607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       144607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10927752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10927752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10927752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10927752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.334127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059492                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059492                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051885                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051885                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.180889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.180889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13843.789352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13843.789352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37753.518220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37753.518220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10040.374787                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10040.374787                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6229.241637                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6229.241637                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33018.075695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33018.075695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33018.075695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33018.075695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8715                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3535                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              594                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             83                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.671717                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    42.590361                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       256562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           256562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       202833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1454685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1454685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          458                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          458                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1657518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1657518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1657518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1657518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       188664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       130526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       130526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8347                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8347                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       319190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       319190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       319190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       319190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2355812500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2355812500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3979098490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3979098490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66495500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66495500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31732000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31732000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6334910990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6334910990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6334910990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6334910990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13504511500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13504511500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1128583377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1128583377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  14633094877                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14633094877                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056398                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056398                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051885                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051885                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12486.815185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12486.815185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30485.102508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30485.102508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7966.395112                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7966.395112                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4229.241637                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4229.241637                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19846.834143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19846.834143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19846.834143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19846.834143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    42721233                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     41267                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    6827437                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    11457                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    2301                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     2630                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   322                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      634                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                42762500                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                6838894                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         49548670                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          52724                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     49601394                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     7583980                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      5601                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1561                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1591                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 7589581                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          7583980                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           5601                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      7589581                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       406854445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                 8781590                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted           7165099                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            410272                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              5784510                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 4949628                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  773605                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect              42847                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          18987687                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      60514486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    8781590                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           5723233                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     13164545                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                3370379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     67214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              77426772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        46358                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       129737                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          707                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  7581976                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               531329                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3060                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         112134243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.659620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.988948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                98977030     88.27%     88.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  796888      0.71%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  939707      0.84%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1694875      1.51%     91.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1403619      1.25%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  573280      0.51%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1928107      1.72%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  410374      0.37%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 5410363      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           112134243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.021584                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.148737                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                20329334                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             77067438                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 11999240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               528326                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               2209905                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1105816                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                98089                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              69983071                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               327113                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               2209905                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                21512186                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               32033439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      40715711                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 11249430                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              4413572                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              66189803                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                19593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                681290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              3157378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32035                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           69538015                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            303909752                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       303850528                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59224                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             49060717                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                20477298                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            445152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        388313                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  7961235                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            12608499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            7947542                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1037744                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1535939                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  60784720                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1155099                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 87803920                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            97322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       13491429                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36062520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        274254                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    112134243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.783025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.519999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           82080142     73.20%     73.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            8453890      7.54%     80.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4228870      3.77%     84.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3673146      3.28%     87.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           10396618      9.27%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1923791      1.72%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1051838      0.94%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             251187      0.22%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              74761      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      112134243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  29715      0.38%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   996      0.01%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7547628     96.04%     96.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               280810      3.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           313997      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36673483     41.77%     42.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               59172      0.07%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 11      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              9      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1514      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            9      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            43579800     49.63%     91.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7175925      8.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              87803920                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.215812                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    7859149                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.089508                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         295735701                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         75439999                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53226631                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              15376                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              8066                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6868                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              95340871                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   8201                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          343143                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2852269                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3976                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        17384                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1106708                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     31919671                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       693087                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               2209905                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               24121244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               365124                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           62044608                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           111941                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             12608499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             7947542                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            865588                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 68372                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3578                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         17384                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        203207                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       155936                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              359143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             86098386                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             43091016                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1705534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       104789                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    50204478                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6908033                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   7113462                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.211620                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      85323128                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     53233499                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 29734399                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 53052149                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.130842                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560475                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       13410332                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         880845                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           313641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    109924338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.438116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.408415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     93165965     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8233685      7.49%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2134554      1.94%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1255111      1.14%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1238932      1.13%     96.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       576271      0.52%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       972518      0.88%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559108      0.51%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1788194      1.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    109924338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            38068175                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              48159625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      16597064                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      9756230                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     190160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   5968166                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      6822                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 42694155                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              534687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1788194                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   168661953                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  125442140                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                        1407356                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      294720202                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  1778443945                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   37998536                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     48089986                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             37998536                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                             10.707108                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                       10.707108                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.093396                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.093396                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               385381686                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               55406618                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                     5049                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                    2336                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               18496665                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                405533                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                597187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               480.515152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                 6939274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                597699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 11.609981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle           74121232000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   480.515152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.938506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.938506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      6939274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6939274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      6939274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         6939274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      6939274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        6939274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       642651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       642651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       642651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        642651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       642651                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       642651                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8610286993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8610286993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8610286993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8610286993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8610286993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8610286993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7581925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7581925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7581925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      7581925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7581925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      7581925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13398.076083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13398.076083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13398.076083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13398.076083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13398.076083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13398.076083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2076                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          753                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.069767                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          753                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        44927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        44927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        44927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       597724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       597724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       597724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       597724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       597724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       597724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7047898994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7047898994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7047898994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7047898994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7047898994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7047898994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2823500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2823500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2823500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2823500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.078835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.078835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.078835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11791.226375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11791.226375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11791.226375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11791.226375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11791.226375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11791.226375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                360661                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               473.725553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                12688668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                361027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 35.146036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           70279173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   473.725553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.925245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.925245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      8315910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8315910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4141838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4141838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        97575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        97575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        94901                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        94901                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     12457748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12457748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     12457748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12457748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       397655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       397655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1555408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1555408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        13937                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13937                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10609                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10609                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1953063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1953063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1953063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1953063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5962620500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5962620500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  63820949998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  63820949998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    128371500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    128371500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     53750500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     53750500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  69783570498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  69783570498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  69783570498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  69783570498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8713565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8713565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5697246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5697246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       111512                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       111512                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       105510                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       105510                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     14410811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14410811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     14410811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14410811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.273011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.273011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.124982                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.124982                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100550                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.100550                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.135528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.135528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14994.456250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14994.456250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41031.645715                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41031.645715                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9210.841645                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9210.841645                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5066.500141                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5066.500141                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35730.322318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35730.322318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35730.322318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35730.322318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        15171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets            158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.193118                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    96.018987                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       324726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           324726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       169327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       169327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1393847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1393847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1449                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1449                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1563174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1563174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1563174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1563174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       228328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       161561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       161561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12488                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12488                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10607                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10607                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       389889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       389889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       389889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       389889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2825835000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2825835000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5223945209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5223945209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     87441500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87441500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32536500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32536500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8049780209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8049780209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8049780209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8049780209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168995979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168995979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27123329043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27123329043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 196119308043                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 196119308043                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028358                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028358                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.111988                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111988                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100531                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100531                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12376.208787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12376.208787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32334.197046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32334.197046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7002.041960                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7002.041960                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3067.455454                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3067.455454                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20646.338340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20646.338340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20646.338340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20646.338340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 497798121418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 497798121418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 497798121418                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 497798121418                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   41715                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   48865                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
