
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.065983                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 65982862500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                65982862500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 123083                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   216729                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51404636                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 379576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1283.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   157988547                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     278192463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             65216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1883072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1948288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        65216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           65216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        11136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             11136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               1019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              29423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               988378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             28538804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                29527182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          988378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             988378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            168771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 168771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            168771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              988378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            28538804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               29695953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         30444                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          174                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          30619                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      1948288                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     11136                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                1948288                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  11136                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       58                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  1                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  1914                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  2031                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  1924                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  1999                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  1964                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  1870                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  1866                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1859                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1923                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  1903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1827                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 1910                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 1876                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 1869                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 1770                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                    93                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    11                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                    12                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    14                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   14                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   11                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     65982843000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   30444                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    174                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    1                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     29860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                       10445857                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 571603857                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    121544000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   439614000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         343.77                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14467.65                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  18811.42                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          29.53                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  29.53                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.17                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.24                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      29640                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                        45                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  25.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2155034.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  444                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        131965726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                 34537566                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted           34537566                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             909846                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              24744786                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 24642661                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                        0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                   0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           26601821                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      185569905                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    34537566                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           24642661                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      56492855                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 6109576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               43628030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   31                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           159                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           63                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  25952051                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                188971                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          131886743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.485312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.326723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 77942049     59.10%     59.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  1996023      1.51%     60.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  2954192      2.24%     62.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  3924230      2.98%     65.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  7791327      5.91%     71.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  4757391      3.61%     75.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  2730462      2.07%     77.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1561040      1.18%     78.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 28230029     21.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            131886743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.261716                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.406198                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 37433496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              35884188                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  44759605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               8645670                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                5163784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              324546222                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                5163784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 42999384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 8526748                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           9161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  47575820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              27611846                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              320149985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                  53569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents              25749083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              361                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           322162823                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             849088667                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        849086832                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              1835                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             279212745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 42950078                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                468                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            462                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  62353215                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            102529083                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            35255084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          39579305                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          5971941                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  315806334                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 302165189                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            115128                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        36987116                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     54145851                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1234                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     131886743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.291096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.700528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            24537309     18.60%     18.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            23216690     17.60%     36.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            25879367     19.62%     55.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            25801755     19.56%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            18920728     14.35%     89.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             8321327      6.31%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             4137839      3.14%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              905905      0.69%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              165823      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       131886743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   38358      1.96%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      1.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                1830721     93.50%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 88976      4.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             31295      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             171151869     56.64%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  35      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     56.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             97747173     32.35%     89.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            33234817     11.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              302165189                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.289725                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1958055                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.006480                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          738289800                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         352827074                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    299525455                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 504                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                863                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          154                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              304091716                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     233                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         54002404                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11749699                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        26201                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        33919                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3815332                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3226                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          8521                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                5163784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 1727826                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                159628                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           315808013                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            197001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             102529083                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             35255084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                464                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   3215                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 73485                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          33919                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         521490                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       445155                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               966645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             300546126                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              97278076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1619063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    130293374                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 30888175                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   33015298                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.277456                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      299954363                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     299525609                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 219474385                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 297941322                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.269723                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.736636                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        37628513                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            909867                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    126722959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.195281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.965844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     58163271     45.90%     45.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19278050     15.21%     61.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11813019      9.32%     70.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9592484      7.57%     78.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1741744      1.37%     79.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072615      1.64%     81.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1297671      1.02%     82.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       717994      0.57%     82.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     22046111     17.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    126722959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            157988547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              278192463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      122219136                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      90779384                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   29309705                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                         40                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 278186172                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              22046111                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    420497824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   636810847                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           13700                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           78983                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   157988547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     278192463                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             157988547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.835287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.835287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.197194                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.197194                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                592820364                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               300190131                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       138                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                       78                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               192690356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     68                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                836.141368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 25950700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               24976.612127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     836.141368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.408272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.408272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     25950700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        25950700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      25950700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         25950700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     25950700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        25950700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     25952051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25952051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     25952051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     25952051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     25952051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     25952051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48370.836417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48370.836417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48370.836417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48370.836417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48370.836417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48370.836417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          243                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    48.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          311                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          311                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50077.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50077.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50077.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50077.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50077.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50077.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                   488                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             20806.359941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 4028768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 30421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                132.433779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 19869.947946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    692.491887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    243.920108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.606383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.007444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.634960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1993518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1993538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2066432                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2066432                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        53227                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        53227                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2046745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2046765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2046745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2046765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        29001                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        29001                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        29425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         30444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        29425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        30444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50833500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     21223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72056500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1199120000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1199120000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50833500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1220343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1271176500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50833500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1220343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1271176500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1993942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1994981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2066432                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2066432                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        82228                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        82228                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2076170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2077209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2076170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2077209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.352690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.352690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49885.672228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50054.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49935.204435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41347.539740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41347.539740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49885.672228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41472.999150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41754.582184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49885.672228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41472.999150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41754.582184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          174                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total              174                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        29001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38000083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     15880649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53880732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    824195395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    824195395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38000083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    840076044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878076127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38000083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    840076044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878076127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.352690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.980751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37291.543670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37454.360849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37339.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28419.550878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28419.550878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37291.543670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28549.738114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28842.337636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37291.543670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28549.738114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28842.337636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2072071                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4072.565350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 71946755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2076167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  34.653645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle            21155511000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4072.565350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.994279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.994279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     40605272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        40605272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     31341476                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       31341476                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      71946748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         71946748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     71946748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        71946748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2625186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2625186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        98276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        98276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2723462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2723462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2723462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2723462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  31321024000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31321024000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2088108498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2088108498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  33409132498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33409132498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  33409132498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33409132498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     43230458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43230458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     74670210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     74670210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     74670210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     74670210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.060725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.036473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.036473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 11930.973272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11930.973272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21247.389983                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21247.389983                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12267.155737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12267.155737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12267.155737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12267.155737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32306                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              9500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     3.400632                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2066432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2066432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       631139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       631139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        16152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       647291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       647291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       647291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       647291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1994047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1994047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        82124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        82124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2076171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2076171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2076171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2076171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21983434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21983434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1812851998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1812851998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23796285998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23796285998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23796285998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23796285998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.046126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11024.531518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11024.531518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22074.570138                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22074.570138                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11461.621417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11461.621417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11461.621417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11461.621417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
