
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.200409                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                200409284500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4321205328500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                7091560                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  7091556                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2715554324                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 465632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    73.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   523360203                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     523360203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         80888044                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         27771396                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ethernet     50103096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           158762536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     80888044                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       80888044                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      16575224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::tsunami.ethernet          902                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         16576126                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          20222011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           3834989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ethernet      2087611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total             26144611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          2254078                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::tsunami.ethernet           31                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2254109                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           403614255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           138573400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ethernet    250003866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              792191521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      403614255                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         403614255                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           82706867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::tsunami.ethernet         4501                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              82711368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          403614255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          221280267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ethernet    250008367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             874902889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.readReqs                            0                       # Total number of read requests seen
testsys.physmem.writeReqs                           0                       # Total number of write requests seen
testsys.physmem.cpureqs                             0                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
testsys.physmem.bytesRead                           0                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
testsys.physmem.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
testsys.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                     0                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
testsys.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                     0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
testsys.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
testsys.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                 0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
testsys.physmem.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
testsys.physmem.totGap                              0                       # Total gap between requests
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::7                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::8                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::0                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::1                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::2                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::3                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::4                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::5                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::6                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::7                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::8                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.totQLat                             0                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
testsys.physmem.totMemAccLat                        0                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
testsys.physmem.totBusLat                           0                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
testsys.physmem.totBankLat                          0                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
testsys.physmem.avgQLat                           nan                       # Average queueing delay per request
testsys.physmem.avgBankLat                        nan                       # Average bank access latency per request
testsys.physmem.avgBusLat                         nan                       # Average bus latency per request
testsys.physmem.avgMemAccLat                      nan                       # Average memory access latency
testsys.physmem.avgRdBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
testsys.physmem.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
testsys.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  0.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
testsys.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
testsys.physmem.peakBW                       16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
testsys.physmem.busUtil                          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
testsys.physmem.avgRdQLen                        0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
testsys.physmem.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
testsys.physmem.readRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
testsys.physmem.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
testsys.physmem.readRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
testsys.physmem.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
testsys.physmem.avgGap                            nan                       # Average gap between requests
testsys.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.disk0.dma_read_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.disk0.dma_read_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.disk0.dma_write_bytes                       0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.disk0.dma_write_txs                         0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.disk2.dma_read_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.disk2.dma_read_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                  0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.disk2.dma_write_bytes                       0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.disk2.dma_write_txs                         0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
testsys.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
testsys.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
testsys.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     3909164                       # DTB read hits
testsys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      3287                       # DTB read misses
testsys.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           80                       # DTB read access violations
testsys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  225414                       # DTB read accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    2312434                       # DTB write hits
testsys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      528                       # DTB write misses
testsys.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          81                       # DTB write access violations
testsys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                 109988                       # DTB write accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     6221598                       # DTB hits
testsys.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      3815                       # DTB misses
testsys.cpu.dtb.data_acv                          161                       # DTB access violations
testsys.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  335402                       # DTB accesses
testsys.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    4045775                       # ITB hits
testsys.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                     1497                       # ITB misses
testsys.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          69                       # ITB acv
testsys.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                4047272                       # ITB accesses
testsys.cpu.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
testsys.cpu.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
testsys.cpu.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
testsys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
testsys.cpu.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
testsys.cpu.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
testsys.cpu.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
testsys.cpu.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
testsys.cpu.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
testsys.cpu.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
testsys.cpu.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
testsys.cpu.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
testsys.cpu.numCycles                       400807419                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                   20218035                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                     20218035                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             18800192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 17380                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                    1218514                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1439639                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                    18800192                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        17380                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           24739164                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          14664877                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               11166                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              10823                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      6250795                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                    3936233                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                   2314562                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles              380584404.581032                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles              20223014.418968                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0.050456                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                    0.949544                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                   19525                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                    153371                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                   62656     42.67%     42.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                  19578     13.33%     56.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    205      0.14%     56.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  64383     43.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total              146822                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                    62650     43.18%     43.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                   19578     13.49%     56.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     205      0.14%     56.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                   62661     43.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total               145094                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0            194361437500     96.98%     96.98% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21             1585244500      0.79%     97.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                8815000      0.00%     97.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             4448431000      2.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total        200403928000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999904                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                0.973254                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total             0.988231                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::2                         3      3.61%      3.61% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         7      8.43%     12.05% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::4                         1      1.20%     13.25% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         7      8.43%     21.69% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        7      8.43%     30.12% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        2      2.41%     32.53% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::20                        1      1.20%     33.73% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        3      3.61%     37.35% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::45                       10     12.05%     49.40% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        5      6.02%     55.42% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        1      1.20%     56.63% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::59                        3      3.61%     60.24% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::71                       15     18.07%     78.31% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        4      4.82%     83.13% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::97                        2      2.41%     85.54% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::98                        2      2.41%     87.95% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::101                       2      2.41%     90.36% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::102                       2      2.41%     92.77% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::104                       1      1.20%     93.98% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::105                       3      3.61%     97.59% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::118                       2      2.41%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    83                       # number of syscalls executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  438      0.34%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                      20      0.02%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl               106626     83.26%     83.62% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    359      0.28%     83.90% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     83.90% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.00%     83.91% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                   20424     15.95%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                 140      0.11%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::total                128057                       # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1279                       # number of protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                702                       # number of protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle              19584                       # number of protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                707                      
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  702                      
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    5                      
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552776                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.000255                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.065569                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         993857000     59.77%     59.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           533068000     32.06%     91.82% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle           135946500      8.18%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
testsys.cpu.kern.swap_context                     438                       # number of times the context was actually changed
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.txBytes                  960                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.rxBytes                  798                       # Bytes Received
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.txPackets                  8                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.rxPackets                  5                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.txIpChecksums              2                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.rxIpChecksums              5                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.txTcpChecksums             2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums             5                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.txUdpChecksums             0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums             0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads         2087576                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites             13                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes     50101824                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes          104                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totBandwidth           70176                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totPackets                13                       # Total Packets
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totBytes                1758                       # Total Bytes
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totPPS                    65                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.txBandwidth            38322                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.rxBandwidth            31855                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.txPPS                     40                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.rxPPS                     25                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi               0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk              0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc               5                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                5                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk              0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle           19525                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            1                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle          2087576                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn             0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal             1                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts      2087594                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        76121948                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        26255588                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ethernet     50103126                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          152480662                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     76121948                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      76121948                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     14603776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::tsunami.ethernet         1064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        14604840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         19030487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          3643074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ethernet      2087613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            24761174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         2022588                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::tsunami.ethernet           37                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            2022625                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          379832442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          131009839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ethernet    250004016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             760846297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     379832442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        379832442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          72869758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::tsunami.ethernet         5309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             72875067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         379832442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         203879596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ethernet    250009325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            833721364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.readReqs                           0                       # Total number of read requests seen
drivesys.physmem.writeReqs                          0                       # Total number of write requests seen
drivesys.physmem.cpureqs                            0                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
drivesys.physmem.bytesRead                          0                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
drivesys.physmem.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
drivesys.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                    0                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
drivesys.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                    0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
drivesys.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
drivesys.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
drivesys.physmem.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
drivesys.physmem.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::7                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::8                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::0                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::1                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::2                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::3                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::4                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::5                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::6                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::7                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::8                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.totQLat                            0                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
drivesys.physmem.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
drivesys.physmem.totBusLat                          0                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
drivesys.physmem.totBankLat                         0                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
drivesys.physmem.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per request
drivesys.physmem.avgBankLat                       nan                       # Average bank access latency per request
drivesys.physmem.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per request
drivesys.physmem.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency
drivesys.physmem.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
drivesys.physmem.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
drivesys.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 0.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
drivesys.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                 0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
drivesys.physmem.peakBW                      16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
drivesys.physmem.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
drivesys.physmem.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
drivesys.physmem.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
drivesys.physmem.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
drivesys.physmem.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
drivesys.physmem.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
drivesys.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
drivesys.physmem.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
drivesys.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                  0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.disk0.dma_read_bytes                       0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.disk0.dma_read_txs                         0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.disk0.dma_write_bytes                      0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.disk0.dma_write_txs                        0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                  0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.disk2.dma_read_bytes                       0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.disk2.dma_read_txs                         0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                 0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.disk2.dma_write_bytes                      0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.disk2.dma_write_txs                        0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
drivesys.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
drivesys.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    3721202                       # DTB read hits
drivesys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      487                       # DTB read misses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.read_acv                          30                       # DTB read access violations
drivesys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 267991                       # DTB read accesses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   2081819                       # DTB write hits
drivesys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      82                       # DTB write misses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.write_acv                         10                       # DTB write access violations
drivesys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                133239                       # DTB write accesses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    5803021                       # DTB hits
drivesys.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      569                       # DTB misses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.data_acv                          40                       # DTB access violations
drivesys.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 401230                       # DTB accesses
drivesys.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   4194101                       # ITB hits
drivesys.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                     194                       # ITB misses
drivesys.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                         22                       # ITB acv
drivesys.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               4194295                       # ITB accesses
drivesys.cpu.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
drivesys.cpu.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
drivesys.cpu.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
drivesys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
drivesys.cpu.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
drivesys.cpu.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
drivesys.cpu.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
drivesys.cpu.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
drivesys.cpu.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
drivesys.cpu.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
drivesys.cpu.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
drivesys.cpu.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      801639056                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  19029878                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    19029878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            17721251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 1412                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                   1263632                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1263629                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   17721251                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        1412                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          23047059                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         13965767                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                760                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               766                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     5824433                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   3742101                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  2082332                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             782608307.467164                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             19030748.532836                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.023740                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.976260                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                  19854                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                   143418                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                  60285     42.42%     42.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                 19703     13.86%     56.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                   205      0.14%     56.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                 61936     43.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total             142129                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                   60285     42.91%     42.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                  19703     14.03%     56.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                    205      0.15%     57.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                  60286     42.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total              140479                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0           197404825250     98.50%     98.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21             797938750      0.40%     98.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               4407500      0.00%     98.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31            2202592500      1.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total       200409764000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31               0.973360                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total            0.988391                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::2                        1      4.55%      4.55% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::6                        3     13.64%     18.18% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::17                       2      9.09%     27.27% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::97                       1      4.55%     31.82% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::99                       2      9.09%     40.91% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::101                      2      9.09%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::102                      3     13.64%     63.64% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::104                      1      4.55%     68.18% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::105                      3     13.64%     81.82% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::106                      1      4.55%     86.36% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::118                      2      9.09%     95.45% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::150                      1      4.55%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.syscall::total                   22                       # number of syscalls executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  72      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                      5      0.00%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl              102208     83.31%     83.37% # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                   354      0.29%     83.66% # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                    1      0.00%     83.66% # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                  20014     16.31%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                 25      0.02%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      7      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::total               122686                       # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel             214                       # number of protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user               139                       # number of protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle             19872                       # number of protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel               143                      
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                 139                      
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   4                      
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.668224                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle     0.000201                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.014141                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         78132750      2.64%      2.64% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user          319665750     10.81%     13.45% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2560362000     86.55%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
drivesys.cpu.kern.swap_context                     72                       # number of times the context was actually changed
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.txBytes                 798                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.rxBytes                 960                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.txPackets                 5                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.rxPackets                 8                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.txIpChecksums             2                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.rxIpChecksums             8                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.txTcpChecksums            2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums            8                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.txUdpChecksums            0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums            0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads        2087584                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites            13                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes     50102016                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes          104                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totBandwidth          70176                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totPackets               13                       # Total Packets
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totBytes               1758                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totPPS                   65                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.txBandwidth           31855                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.rxBandwidth           38322                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.txPPS                    25                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.rxPPS                    40                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                 0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                  0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle              0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle               0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                 0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc              8                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc               8                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                 0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle          19702                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            1                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle         2087584                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc              0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc               0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn               0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            1                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts      2087605                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets            0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000407                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   406952000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4321612280500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             3682675458                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               3681807032                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2861829739                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 465632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   523432506                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     523432506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           144604                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            49952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ethernet       101736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              296292                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       144604                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         144604                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data         27688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            27688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst             36151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              6909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ethernet         4239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                47299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data             3812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                3812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           355334290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           122746663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ethernet    249995085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              728076038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      355334290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         355334290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           68037508                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              68037508                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          355334290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          190784171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ethernet    249995085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             796113547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.readReqs                            0                       # Total number of read requests seen
testsys.physmem.writeReqs                           0                       # Total number of write requests seen
testsys.physmem.cpureqs                             0                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
testsys.physmem.bytesRead                           0                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
testsys.physmem.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
testsys.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                     0                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
testsys.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                     0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
testsys.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
testsys.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                 0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
testsys.physmem.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
testsys.physmem.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
testsys.physmem.totGap                              0                       # Total gap between requests
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::7                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.readPktSize::8                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::0                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::1                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::2                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::3                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::4                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::5                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::6                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::7                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.writePktSize::8                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
testsys.physmem.totQLat                             0                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
testsys.physmem.totMemAccLat                        0                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
testsys.physmem.totBusLat                           0                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
testsys.physmem.totBankLat                          0                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
testsys.physmem.avgQLat                           nan                       # Average queueing delay per request
testsys.physmem.avgBankLat                        nan                       # Average bank access latency per request
testsys.physmem.avgBusLat                         nan                       # Average bus latency per request
testsys.physmem.avgMemAccLat                      nan                       # Average memory access latency
testsys.physmem.avgRdBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
testsys.physmem.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
testsys.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  0.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
testsys.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
testsys.physmem.peakBW                       16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
testsys.physmem.busUtil                          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
testsys.physmem.avgRdQLen                        0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
testsys.physmem.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
testsys.physmem.readRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
testsys.physmem.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
testsys.physmem.readRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
testsys.physmem.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
testsys.physmem.avgGap                            nan                       # Average gap between requests
testsys.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.disk0.dma_read_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.disk0.dma_read_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.disk0.dma_write_bytes                       0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.disk0.dma_write_txs                         0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.disk2.dma_read_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.disk2.dma_read_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                  0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.disk2.dma_write_bytes                       0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.disk2.dma_write_txs                         0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
testsys.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
testsys.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
testsys.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                        7069                       # DTB read hits
testsys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
testsys.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
testsys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                       3933                       # DTB write hits
testsys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
testsys.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
testsys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       11002                       # DTB hits
testsys.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
testsys.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
testsys.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
testsys.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                       5992                       # ITB hits
testsys.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
testsys.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
testsys.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                   5992                       # ITB accesses
testsys.cpu.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
testsys.cpu.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
testsys.cpu.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
testsys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
testsys.cpu.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
testsys.cpu.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
testsys.cpu.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
testsys.cpu.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
testsys.cpu.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
testsys.cpu.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
testsys.cpu.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
testsys.cpu.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
testsys.cpu.numCycles                          821760                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                      36151                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                        36151                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                33514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                       2388                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         2348                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                       33514                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads              43768                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes             26496                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                        11043                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                       7109                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                      3934                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles              785260.061817                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles              36499.938183                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0.044417                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                    0.955583                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      41                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       295                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     123     41.84%     41.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     40     13.61%     55.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.34%     55.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    130     44.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 294                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      123     42.86%     42.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      40     13.94%     56.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.35%     57.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     123     42.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  287                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               398338500     96.95%     96.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3240000      0.79%     97.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  43000      0.01%     97.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9258500      2.25%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           410880000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                0.946154                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total             0.976190                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  212     83.46%     83.46% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.39%     83.86% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      41     16.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   254                       # number of callpals executed
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                 41                       # number of protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
testsys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
testsys.cpu.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads            4239                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes       101736                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi               0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk              0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk              0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle              40                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            1                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle             4239                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn             0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal             1                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts         4239                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst          144608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           49952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ethernet       101736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total             296296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       144608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        144608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data        27688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total           27688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst            36152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             6909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ethernet         4239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total               47300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data            3812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total               3812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          355344119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          122746663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ethernet    249995085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             728085868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     355344119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        355344119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          68037508                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             68037508                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         355344119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         190784171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ethernet    249995085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            796123376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.readReqs                           0                       # Total number of read requests seen
drivesys.physmem.writeReqs                          0                       # Total number of write requests seen
drivesys.physmem.cpureqs                            0                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
drivesys.physmem.bytesRead                          0                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
drivesys.physmem.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
drivesys.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                    0                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
drivesys.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                    0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
drivesys.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
drivesys.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
drivesys.physmem.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
drivesys.physmem.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
drivesys.physmem.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::7                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.readPktSize::8                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::0                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::1                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::2                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::3                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::4                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::5                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::6                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::7                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.writePktSize::8                    0                       # categorize write packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                  0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
drivesys.physmem.totQLat                            0                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
drivesys.physmem.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
drivesys.physmem.totBusLat                          0                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
drivesys.physmem.totBankLat                         0                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
drivesys.physmem.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per request
drivesys.physmem.avgBankLat                       nan                       # Average bank access latency per request
drivesys.physmem.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per request
drivesys.physmem.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency
drivesys.physmem.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
drivesys.physmem.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
drivesys.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 0.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
drivesys.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                 0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
drivesys.physmem.peakBW                      16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
drivesys.physmem.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
drivesys.physmem.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
drivesys.physmem.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
drivesys.physmem.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
drivesys.physmem.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
drivesys.physmem.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
drivesys.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
drivesys.physmem.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
drivesys.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                  0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.disk0.dma_read_bytes                       0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.disk0.dma_read_txs                         0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.disk0.dma_write_bytes                      0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.disk0.dma_write_txs                        0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                  0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.disk2.dma_read_bytes                       0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.disk2.dma_read_txs                         0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                 0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.disk2.dma_write_bytes                      0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.disk2.dma_write_txs                        0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
drivesys.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
drivesys.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       7069                       # DTB read hits
drivesys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
drivesys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      3933                       # DTB write hits
drivesys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
drivesys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.data_hits                      11002                       # DTB hits
drivesys.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
drivesys.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
drivesys.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
drivesys.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      5992                       # ITB hits
drivesys.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
drivesys.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
drivesys.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  5992                       # ITB accesses
drivesys.cpu.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
drivesys.cpu.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
drivesys.cpu.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
drivesys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
drivesys.cpu.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
drivesys.cpu.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
drivesys.cpu.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
drivesys.cpu.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
drivesys.cpu.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
drivesys.cpu.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
drivesys.cpu.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
drivesys.cpu.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1628160                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                     36152                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                       36152                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               33516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                      2388                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         2347                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                      33516                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads             43772                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            26499                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                       11043                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                      7109                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                     3934                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             1592000.182518                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             36159.817482                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.022209                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.977791                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     41                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      295                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    123     41.84%     41.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                    40     13.61%     55.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                     1      0.34%     55.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   130     44.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                294                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     123     42.86%     42.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                     40     13.94%     56.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                      1      0.35%     57.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    123     42.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 287                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0              400769000     98.46%     98.46% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               1620000      0.40%     98.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 21500      0.01%     98.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               4629500      1.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total          407040000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31               0.946154                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total            0.976190                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 212     83.46%     83.46% # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     1      0.39%     83.86% # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     41     16.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  254                       # number of callpals executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               0                       # number of protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                41                       # number of protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
drivesys.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
drivesys.cpu.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads           4239                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites             0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes       101736                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                 0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                  0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle              0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle            0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle               0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                 0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc              0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc            0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc               0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                 0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle             40                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle            1                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle            4239                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc              0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc            0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc               0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn               0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            1                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts         4239                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets            0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
