
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.910582                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1910582068000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1910582068000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 942466                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   942466                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            32082735017                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 321492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    59.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56125446                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56125446                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            850560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24847488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28350400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       850560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          850560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7392192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7392192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                442975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               445184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             13005193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1388243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14838619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          445184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             445184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3869078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3869078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3869078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              445184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            13005193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1388243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18707698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        442975                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       115503                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         559567                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     28350400                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7392192                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               28350400                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7392192                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       51                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                130                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 28021                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 27576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 27724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 27399                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 28096                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 27946                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 27736                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 27622                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 27577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 27238                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                27723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                27886                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                27600                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                27483                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                27641                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                27656                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7552                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7244                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  7137                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  6901                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7584                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7386                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  7208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  7095                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7184                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  6832                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7257                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 7441                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 7265                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 7126                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7165                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 7126                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                         404                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1910570168000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  442975                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 115907                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                  130                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    404639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      2334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      2835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      2403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      2009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      4753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                      269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                      129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     2804911869                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10779125869                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1771696000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  6202518000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6332.72                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14003.57                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24336.29                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          14.84                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  14.84                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   3.87                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        14.48                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     423327                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     74914                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  64.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3421030.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.iocache.replacements                     41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     1.342666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1745691885000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       1.342666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.083917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.083917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     20927998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20927998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9475235806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9475235806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9496163804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9496163804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9496163804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9496163804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120971.086705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120971.086705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 228033.206729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228033.206729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 227589.306267                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227589.306267                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 227589.306267                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227589.306267                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        189601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                23064                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.220647                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     11931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7312468500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7312468500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7324399500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7324399500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7324399500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7324399500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68965.317919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68965.317919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 175983.550732                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175983.550732                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 175539.832235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175539.832235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 175539.832235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175539.832235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9055970                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10329                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728856                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6351685                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1142                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291931                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15407655                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020787                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4974178                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5006                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4979184                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       3821164136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56125446                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56125446                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              51999916                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324393                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1482010                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6463546                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     51999916                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324393                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71242345                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38476410                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163609                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166486                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15460271                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9092827                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6367444                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3587332264.998123                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               233831871.001878                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.061194                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.938806                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6378                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211969                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74892     40.89%     40.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1930      1.05%     42.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106200     57.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183153                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73525     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1930      1.29%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73525     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149111                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1855918085500     97.14%     97.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                91164500      0.00%     97.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               736454000      0.04%     97.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             53835630000      2.82%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1910581334000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981747                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692326                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814134                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4176      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175936     91.22%     93.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6831      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5155      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192878                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5901                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1741                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2096                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1911                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1741                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   170                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323843                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081107                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.392483                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        45587423000      2.39%      2.39% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5075517000      0.27%      2.65% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1859918392000     97.35%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4177                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 927460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                509.121498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 55209154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 927971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  59.494482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle            32120759000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     509.121498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.994378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.994378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     55209154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55209154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      55209154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55209154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     55209154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55209154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       928131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        928131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       928131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         928131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       928131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        928131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12666318500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12666318500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12666318500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12666318500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12666318500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12666318500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     56137285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56137285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     56137285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56137285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     56137285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56137285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13647.123628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13647.123628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13647.123628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13647.123628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13647.123628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13647.123628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       928131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       928131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       928131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10810056500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10810056500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10810056500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10810056500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  10810056500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10810056500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11647.123628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11647.123628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11647.123628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11647.123628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11647.123628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11647.123628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1389800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.980808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 14036386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                1390312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  10.095853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle               93442000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.980808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7806239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7806239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5847887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5847887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       183020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199223                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199223                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13654126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13654126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13654126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13654126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1068876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1068876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304232                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304232                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17223                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17223                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1373108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1373108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1373108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1373108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22711107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22711107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8598536500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8598536500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    227697000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    227697000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  31309643500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31309643500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  31309643500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31309643500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8875115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8875115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6152119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6152119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15027234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15027234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15027234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15027234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086010                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086010                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21247.653610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21247.653610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28263.090339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28263.090339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13220.519073                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13220.519073                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22802.025405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22802.025405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22802.025405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22802.025405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       834403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            834403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1068876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1068876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17223                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17223                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1373108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1373108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1373108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1373108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20573355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20573355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7990072500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7990072500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    193251000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193251000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28563427500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28563427500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28563427500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28563427500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1424236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1424236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2010997500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2010997500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3435233500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3435233500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049452                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049452                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086010                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086010                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19247.653610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19247.653610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26263.090339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26263.090339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11220.519073                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11220.519073                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20802.025405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20802.025405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20802.025405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20802.025405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                336061                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             65323.847661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 2445310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                401224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  6.094625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle            5214408002                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 55704.521339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   4784.646064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data   4834.680258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.849984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.073008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.073771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.996763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       914821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       814177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1728998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       834403                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       834403                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       914821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1001682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1916503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       914821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1001682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1916503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       271922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       285212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        401922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       401922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    733695500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11538737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12272432500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       189500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       189500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5810363500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5810363500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    733695500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  17349100500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  18082796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    733695500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  17349100500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  18082796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       928111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1086099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2014210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       834403                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       834403                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       928111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1390314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2318425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       928111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1390314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2318425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.141600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383643                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383643                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55206.583898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42433.995778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43029.159012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14576.923077                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14576.923077                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49784.624282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49784.624282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55206.583898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44641.461588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44990.809162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 55206.583898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44641.461588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44990.809162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        73991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            73991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       271922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       285212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       401922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       401922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    561273079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8004831581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8566104660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       230011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       230011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4294420630                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4294420630                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    561273079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12299252211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12860525290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    561273079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12299252211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12860525290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1334146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1334146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1895221500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1895221500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3229367500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3229367500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42232.737321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29437.969642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30034.166374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17693.153846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17693.153846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36795.652729                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36795.652729                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42232.737321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31647.554013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31997.564926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42232.737321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31647.554013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31997.564926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
