
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.540276                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2540275734000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2540275734000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  63914                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    82240                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2691970222                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 413060                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   943.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60312498                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77605759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    121110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           405568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          3860688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           395008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          5229152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131004144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       405568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       395008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          800576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3783168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1412956                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1603284                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6799408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15138816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             60357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             81713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15293445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           59112                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           353239                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           400821                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               813172                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47676135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              159655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1519791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker            25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              155498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             2058498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51570836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         159655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         155498                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             315153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1489275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             556222                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             631146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2676642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1489275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47676135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             159655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2076012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             155498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2689643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54247478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15293445                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       813172                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         218384                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    978780480                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52043008                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              131004144                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                6799408                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       11                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4687                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                955910                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                956214                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                955714                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                955761                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                955656                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                955538                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                955410                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                955590                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                956063                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                955922                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               955987                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               955944                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               956042                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               955918                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               956046                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               955719                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 50108                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 50359                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 49971                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 50035                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 50907                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 50823                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 50679                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 50829                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51147                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 51225                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                51119                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51116                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                51167                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                51295                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51031                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                      693675                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2540274436500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      44                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15138816                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  154585                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                1447735                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  59112                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                 4687                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1057043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    992576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    949780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                    984222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2774561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2777593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   5475568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     36103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     30071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     29941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    29875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    57717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    31668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    59387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     5361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                       12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      4603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    31872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    31784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    31663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    31466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    31190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    30972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    30814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    30644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    30396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                   295222941913                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              372544627913                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  61173736000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 16147950000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       19303.90                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1055.87                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24359.78                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         385.30                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          20.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  51.57                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   2.68                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.15                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         1.11                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15250779                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    786181                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  96.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       157716.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         64355                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     51419.267755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1938049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        129745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         14.937369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                  2504164034000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        36931.020579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker      16.606352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.000348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4513.419817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          3324.401102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker      19.072216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker       0.003905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          3703.882826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          2910.860610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.563523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.068869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.050726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.056517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.044416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.784596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        45285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             457711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             190308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        52226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             514110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             196973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1471098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          608285                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               608285                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  36                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            56083                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            56920                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               113003                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         45285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          6882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              457711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              246391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         52226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          7603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              514110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              253893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1584101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        45285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6882                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             457711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             246391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        52226                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             514110                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             253893                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1584101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                23156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1337                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1563                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2900                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          55166                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          78004                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             61179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             82692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                156326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6225                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            61179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            82692                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               156326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    325918500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    325021000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        68500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    327300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    258970498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1240728498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       181500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       204500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       386000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2786064998                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3948204500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6734269498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    325918500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3111085998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1538000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        68500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    327300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4207174998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      7974997996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    325918500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3111085998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1538000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        68500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    327300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4207174998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     7974997996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        45309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         463936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         196321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        52249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         520290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         201661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1494254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       608285                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           608285                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1354                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1582                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2936                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       111249                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       134924                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        45309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          463936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          307570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        52249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          520290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          336585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1740427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        45309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         463936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         307570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        52249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         520290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         336585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1740427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.030628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.023247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.015497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987445                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.987990                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.987738                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.495879                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.578133                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.540961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.198911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.011878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.245679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.089820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.198911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.245679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.089820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52356.385542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54053.051721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 66869.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        68500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52961.165049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55241.147184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53581.296338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   135.751683                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   130.838132                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   133.103448                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50503.299097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50615.410748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50568.968221                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52356.385542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50852.187810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 66869.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        68500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52961.165049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50877.654404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51015.173394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52356.385542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50852.187810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 66869.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        68500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52961.165049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50877.654404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51015.173394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               59112                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    59112                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                74                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1337                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1563                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2900                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        55166                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        78004                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        133170                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        61142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        82669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           156252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        61142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        82669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          156252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1489045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247133124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    247332621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1246542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        56002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    248969104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    198696108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    945015548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13371337                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15702513                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29073850                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2100759191                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2982654930                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5083414121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1489045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247133124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2348091812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1246542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        56002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    248969104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3181351038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6028429669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1489045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247133124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2348091812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1246542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        56002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    248969104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3181351038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6028429669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      4312653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  83367317530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  83605453007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166977083190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   6167057731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8185447208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14352504939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        76004                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        76004                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        30003                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        30003                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      4312653                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  89534375261                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  91790900215                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 181329588129                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987445                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.987990                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987738                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.495879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.578133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.198791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.245611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.089778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.198791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.245611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 62043.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        46501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39738.402315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41387.654116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 54197.478261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        56002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40338.480881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42592.949196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40941.666580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10046.393474                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10025.465517                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38080.687217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38237.204887                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38172.367057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 62043.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        46501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39738.402315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38403.909130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 54197.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        56002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40338.480881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38482.998923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38581.456039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 62043.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        46501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39738.402315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38403.909130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 54197.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        56002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40338.480881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38482.998923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38581.456039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    25321176                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     39544                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5538222                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     9025                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         256                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                704                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    7899                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1433                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   288                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      644                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                25360720                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5547247                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         30859398                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          48569                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     30907967                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     5399990                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      6797                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         256                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                704                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2645                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1504                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 5406787                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          5399990                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           6797                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      5406787                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       232916834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                 6894641                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted           5490275                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            340467                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              4496048                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 3641169                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  672237                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect              35025                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          14144008                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      42774388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6894641                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4313406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      9542116                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2097502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     81571                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              47928082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        48764                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        90424                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          150                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5397887                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               280481                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3116                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          73293713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.724548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.073228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                63759289     86.99%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  642563      0.88%     87.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  816896      1.11%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1076628      1.47%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1030388      1.41%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  525946      0.72%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1160801      1.58%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  367124      0.50%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3914078      5.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            73293713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.029601                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.183647                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                15070134                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             47635747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  8687716                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               522868                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1375117                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              927671                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                82962                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              50805033                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               279607                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1375117                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                15858431                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               18747322                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      25731690                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8353206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3225899                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              48905504                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                13838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                630791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              2093496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents           12811                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           50688794                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            222549147                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       222507399                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            41748                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             38461100                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                12227693                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            386484                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        344770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6389877                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9452191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6279292                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           988040                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1320602                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  45692134                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             977389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 60037368                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            85152                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        8499333                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20279389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        254746                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     73293713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.819134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.521823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           51609317     70.41%     70.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6835660      9.33%     79.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3457344      4.72%     84.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2997093      4.09%     88.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6031042      8.23%     96.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1346418      1.84%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             738853      1.01%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             217523      0.30%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              60463      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       73293713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  26194      0.60%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     3      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4172771     94.90%     95.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               198082      4.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           194561      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             28037950     46.70%     47.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               44753      0.07%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  8      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              4      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           838      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            4      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            25907736     43.15%     90.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5851514      9.75%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              60037368                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.257763                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4397050                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.073239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         197888427                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         55177485                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     41654501                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              10625                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              5737                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4733                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              64234192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   5665                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          298497                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1811405                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3010                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14875                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       725021                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17048224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       266574                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1375117                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               14032156                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               223286                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           46775692                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            94480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9452191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6279292                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            703336                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 50186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4000                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         14875                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        165277                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              296476                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             59245437                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             25661722                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           791931                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       106169                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    31462090                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5561458                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5800368                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.254363                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      58848296                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     41659234                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 23213315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 42468919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.178859                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.546595                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8329034                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         722643                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           258629                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     71918596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.514238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     58433692     81.25%     81.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6549576      9.11%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1938281      2.70%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1064527      1.48%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       992329      1.38%     95.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       495986      0.69%     96.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       654165      0.91%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       355670      0.49%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1434370      1.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     71918596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            29885048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              37958605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13195057                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7640786                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     194107                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4848128                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      4699                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 33604858                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              476381                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1434370                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115883530                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   93994803                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         855495                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                      159623121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2324012553                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   29813564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     37887121                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             29813564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              7.812445                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        7.812445                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.128001                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.128001                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               268137987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               42752144                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22081                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19566                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               14602892                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                394034                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                984960                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.605628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                10192469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                985472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 10.342728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle            6475146000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   192.391014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   319.214614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.375764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.623466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4895846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5296623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10192469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4895846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5296623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        10192469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4895846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5296623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       10192469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       501920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       563999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1065919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       501920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       563999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1065919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       501920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       563999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1065919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6726188495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7525770495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14251958990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6726188495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7525770495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14251958990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6726188495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7525770495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14251958990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5397766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5860622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11258388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5397766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5860622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11258388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5397766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5860622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11258388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.092987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.096235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.094678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.092987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.096235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.092987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.096235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13400.917467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13343.588366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13370.583496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13400.917467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13343.588366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13370.583496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13400.917467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13343.588366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13370.583496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          775                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              345                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.078261                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          775                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        37396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        43020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        37396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        43020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        80416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        37396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        43020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        80416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       464524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       520979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       985503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       464524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       520979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       985503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       464524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       520979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       985503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5488905495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6129367496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11618272991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5488905495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6129367496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11618272991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5488905495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6129367496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11618272991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6767000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6767000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.086059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.088895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.086059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.088895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.086059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.088895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11816.193555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11765.095131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11789.180744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11816.193555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11765.095131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11789.180744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11816.193555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11765.095131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11789.180744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                643643                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               511.994132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                21553843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                644155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 33.460647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              36157000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   257.044618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   254.949514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.502040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.497948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6668355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      7127763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13796118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3513738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3750110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7263848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       119013                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       124173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       243186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       120748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       126887                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247635                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10182093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     10877873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        21059966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10182093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     10877873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       21059966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       398872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       347013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       745885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1308679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1650694                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2959373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         5990                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         7586                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13576                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1707551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1997707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3705258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1707551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1997707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3705258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5845680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5302488500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11148168500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  46981626335                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  67357897820                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114339524155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     81001000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    104468000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    185469000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        90000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       103000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       193000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52827306335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  72660386320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 125487692655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52827306335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  72660386320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 125487692655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7067227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7474776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14542003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4822417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5400804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10223221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       125003                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       131759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       256762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       120754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       126894                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247648                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     11889644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12875580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24765224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     11889644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12875580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24765224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.046425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.271374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.305639                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.289476                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047919                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.057575                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.052874                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000050                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000055                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.143617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.143617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14655.528591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15280.374222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14946.229647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35900.038386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40805.805207                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38636.401750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13522.704508                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13771.157395                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13661.535062                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        15000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14714.285714                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14846.153846                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30937.469121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36371.893536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33867.464197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30937.469121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36371.893536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33867.464197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        37449                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        14136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3410                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            266                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.982111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    53.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       608285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           608285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       152147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       359970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1196124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1514247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2710371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          670                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          732                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1402                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1403947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1666394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3070341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1403947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1666394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3070341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       194866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       385915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       112555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       136447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       249002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5320                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6854                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12174                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       303604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       331313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       634917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       303604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       331313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       634917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2589299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2593519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5182818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3585837983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4828490940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8414328923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     62428500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     81807000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144235500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        78000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        89000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       167000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6175136983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7422009940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13597146923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6175136983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7422009940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13597146923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91055617500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  91310638500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182366256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  10805151656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  13444453545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24249605201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       118000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       118000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        69000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        69000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 101860769156                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 104755092045                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206615861201                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023340                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025264                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042559                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.052019                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047414                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13553.062303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13309.243275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13429.947009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31858.540118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35387.300124                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33792.214211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11734.680451                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11935.658010                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11847.831444                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12714.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12846.153846                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20339.445406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22401.807173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21415.629008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20339.445406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22401.807173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21415.629008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    25842433                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     46174                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    6180963                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    11315                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         254                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                735                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    8574                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     1449                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   314                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      622                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                25888607                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                6192278                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         32023396                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          57489                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     32080885                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     5862958                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      7630                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         254                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                735                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2762                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1655                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 5870588                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          5862958                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           7630                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      5870588                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       238328292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                 7461261                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted           5924878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            387688                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              4864845                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 3916001                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  732677                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect              39651                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15658024                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      45723743                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    7461261                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4648678                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     10301295                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2449187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     90048                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              49530341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             2013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        58322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       105488                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          234                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  5860623                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               343915                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3550                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          77436496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.743507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.098927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                67142740     86.71%     86.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  670388      0.87%     87.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  904116      1.17%     88.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1146258      1.48%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1035072      1.34%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  585216      0.76%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1324002      1.71%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  382858      0.49%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 4245846      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            77436496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.031307                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.191852                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                16603606                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             49335429                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  9407116                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               490405                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1597859                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1045633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                93792                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              54840588                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               310696                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1597859                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                17482170                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               19064051                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      27065673                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  8938575                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              3286155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              52466184                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                 7798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                497565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              2245284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents           18515                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           54189093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            239808372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       239759506                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            48866                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             39935280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                14253813                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            446450                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        393915                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  6702948                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            10122887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            6990261                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           974914                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1217289                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  48733638                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1005144                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 62551860                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            96432                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9690546                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24103101                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        245099                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     77436496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.807783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.518787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           54919142     70.92%     70.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            7063904      9.12%     80.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3691282      4.77%     84.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2953327      3.81%     88.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6235094      8.05%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1492250      1.93%     98.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             791283      1.02%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             225625      0.29%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              64589      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       77436496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  27571      0.62%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4198494     94.58%     95.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               213042      4.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           169105      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29343777     46.91%     47.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               48983      0.08%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  8      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 2      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              5      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1277      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            5      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26498919     42.36%     89.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6489779     10.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              62551860                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.262461                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4439108                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.070967                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         207120715                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         59438377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     43832825                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              12343                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6735                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5565                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              66815352                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6511                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          325479                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2107508                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3797                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        16351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       811464                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17060218                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       341441                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1597859                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               14264833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               247482                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           49856426                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           107204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10122887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6990261                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            704284                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 59901                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3604                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         16351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        190247                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       149600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              339847                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             61552998                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             26188496                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           998862                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       117644                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    32619530                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 5900270                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   6431034                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.258270                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      61059596                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     43838390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 23681235                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 43694541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.183941                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.541972                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9661212                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         760045                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           295282                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75838637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.504226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     61579117     81.20%     81.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7021291      9.26%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2015124      2.66%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1085811      1.43%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1003078      1.32%     95.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       577963      0.76%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       742657      0.98%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       378274      0.50%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1435322      1.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75838637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            30577831                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              39797535                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      14194176                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      8015379                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     209589                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   5113967                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      5513                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 35255841                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              515004                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1435322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   122900984                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  100566633                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         901138                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      160891796                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  2255172449                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   30498934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     39718638                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             30498934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              7.814315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        7.814315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.127970                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.127970                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               279110946                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               44685160                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    22658                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   19886                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               15820673                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                438571                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1125362728944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1125362728944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1125362728944                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1125362728944                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83058                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
