
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007473                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     7473494                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    7473494                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  41811                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 427068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   178.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99081                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          54103                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          54285                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99329                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          54088                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99401                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54011                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99475                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          54793                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99357                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          54276                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99105                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          54372                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           98859                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          54325                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
