
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.139847                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                139846906500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               139846906500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 122154                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   122154                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42850332                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 220236                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3263.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   398664595                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     398664595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            214976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            254016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               468992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       214976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          214976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               3969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  7328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              1537224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              1816386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3353610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         1537224                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1537224                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             1537224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             1816386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                3353610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          7328                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           7328                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       468992                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 468992                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   518                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   520                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   382                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   398                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   457                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   444                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   407                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   457                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  588                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  397                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  418                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  488                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    139846854500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    7328                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                       39390791                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 174626791                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     29312000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   105924000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5375.38                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14454.69                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  23830.08                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           3.35                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   3.35                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       6444                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   87.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     19083904.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     94754613                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         21                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 94754634                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    73521103                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        35                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                73521138                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    168275716                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         56                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                168275772                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    48611354                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                     44520                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                48655874                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  215                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        279693814                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.lookups          53489670                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branch_predictor.condPredicted     30685393                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branch_predictor.condIncorrect     15149659                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBLookups       32882351                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBHits          15212538                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branch_predictor.usedRAS           8007516                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branch_predictor.RASInCorrect           20                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBHitPct       46.263535                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken     29230505                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken     24259165                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads    280386588                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites    159335859                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses    439722447                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads    119631948                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites    100196481                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses    219828429                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards      100484563                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                  168485322                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect     14315634                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       833366                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted       15149000                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted          29438551                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     33.975851                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions        205475782                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies           2124323                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                     279400729                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                            7654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        13387179                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                        266306635                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         95.213631                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                          94754489                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                         73520729                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                       44587532                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                           23089775                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                             215                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                          112239074                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                         50439198                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   398664595                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                     398664595                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             398664595                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               0.701577                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.701577                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.425361                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.425361                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                 77946120                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                 201747694                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               72.131625                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                107042067                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                 172651747                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization               61.728840                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                102478598                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                 177215216                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               63.360435                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                180949238                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                  98744576                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization               35.304526                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                 90225845                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                 189467969                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               67.741208                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1831.257835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 48606847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   3903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               12453.714322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1831.257835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.894169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.894169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     48606847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        48606847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      48606847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         48606847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     48606847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        48606847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195448500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195448500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195448500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    195448500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195448500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    195448500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     48611354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     48611354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     48611354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     48611354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     48611354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     48611354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43365.542489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43365.542489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43365.542489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43365.542489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43365.542489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43365.542489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    170297500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170297500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    170297500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170297500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    170297500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170297500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43632.462209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43632.462209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43632.462209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43632.462209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43632.462209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43632.462209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              3907.773744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                     753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  4717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.159635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks   370.670185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   2909.388487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    627.715072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.011312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.088787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.019156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.119256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst          544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data          123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total            667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total          649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total             727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data          183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total            727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         4183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         3145                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         3145                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         3969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          7328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         3969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    160908500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     45014500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    205923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    151967500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    151967500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    160908500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    196982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    357890500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    160908500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    196982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    357890500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         3205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         8055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         3903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         4152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         8055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.870116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.862474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981279                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.981279                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.909745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.909745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47903.691575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54629.247573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49228.544107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48320.349762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48320.349762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47903.691575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49630.133535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48838.769105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47903.691575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49630.133535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48838.769105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3145                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3145                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    118404553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     34670717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153075270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    112966799                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112966799                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    118404553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    147637516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    266042069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    118404553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    147637516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    266042069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.870116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.909745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.860620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.909745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35249.941352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42076.112864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36594.613913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35919.490938                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35919.490938                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35249.941352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37197.660872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36304.867495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35249.941352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37197.660872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36304.867495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                    764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               3285.615449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                168254423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   4152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               40523.704961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    3285.615449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.802152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.802152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     94753185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        94753185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     73501238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       73501238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     168254423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        168254423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    168254423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       168254423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        19491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        20795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          20795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        20795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         20795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     64310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    715525500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    715525500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    779835500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    779835500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    779835500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    779835500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     94754489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94754489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     73520729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     73520729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    168275218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    168275218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    168275218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    168275218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49317.484663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49317.484663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36710.558719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36710.558719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37501.106035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37501.106035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37501.106035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37501.106035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16708                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               535                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.229907                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        16289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        16643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        16643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     47442500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47442500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    155739500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155739500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    203182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    203182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49939.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49939.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48638.194878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48638.194878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48935.934489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48935.934489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48935.934489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48935.934489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
