
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.233778                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4467555024                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 4467555024                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   2000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2515301                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2516290                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                5043002                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 518832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   885.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2228284650                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2229160714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.hypervisor_desc.bytes_read::cpu.data        16792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hypervisor_desc.bytes_read::total        16792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hypervisor_desc.num_reads::cpu.data         9024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hypervisor_desc.num_reads::total          9024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hypervisor_desc.bw_read::cpu.data         7517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hypervisor_desc.bw_read::total            7517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hypervisor_desc.bw_total::cpu.data         7517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hypervisor_desc.bw_total::total           7517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.partition_desc.bytes_read::cpu.data         4846                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.partition_desc.bytes_read::total          4846                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.partition_desc.num_reads::cpu.data          608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.partition_desc.num_reads::total            608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.partition_desc.bw_read::cpu.data          2169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.partition_desc.bw_read::total             2169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.partition_desc.bw_total::cpu.data         2169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.partition_desc.bw_total::total            2169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.rom.bytes_read::cpu.inst                432296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.rom.bytes_read::cpu.data                696392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.rom.bytes_read::total                  1128688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.rom.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           432296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.rom.bytes_inst_read::total              432296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.rom.num_reads::cpu.inst                 108074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.rom.num_reads::cpu.data                  87049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.rom.num_reads::total                    195123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.rom.bw_read::cpu.inst                   193527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.rom.bw_read::cpu.data                   311755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.rom.bw_read::total                      505282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.rom.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst              193527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.rom.bw_inst_read::total                 193527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.rom.bw_total::cpu.inst                  193527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.rom.bw_total::cpu.data                  311755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.rom.bw_total::total                     505282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.nvram.bytes_read::cpu.data                 284                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.nvram.bytes_read::total                    284                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.nvram.bytes_written::cpu.data               92                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.nvram.bytes_written::total                  92                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.nvram.num_reads::cpu.data                  284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.nvram.num_reads::total                     284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.nvram.num_writes::cpu.data                  92                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.nvram.num_writes::total                     92                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.nvram.bw_read::cpu.data                    127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.nvram.bw_read::total                       127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.nvram.bw_write::cpu.data                    41                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.nvram.bw_write::total                       41                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.nvram.bw_total::cpu.data                   168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.nvram.bw_total::total                      168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         612291324                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          97534024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            709825348                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    612291324                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       612291324                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       15400223                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15400223                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          153072831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           12152054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total             165224885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           1927067                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1927067                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_other::cpu.data                 14                       # Number of other requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_other::total                    14                       # Number of other requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            274105779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             43663267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               317769046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       274105779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          274105779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data             6894251                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                6894251                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           274105779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            50557518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              324663297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                             0                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                              0                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                            0                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                      0                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                               0                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                              0                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                         0                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                            0                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                           0                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                            nan                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                         nan                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                          nan                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                       nan                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                          0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                             nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem2.bytes_read::cpu.inst       8318106840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem2.bytes_read::cpu.data       1495885127                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem2.bytes_read::total          9813991967                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem2.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   8318106840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem2.bytes_inst_read::total     8318106840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem2.bytes_written::cpu.data     897268422                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem2.bytes_written::total        897268422                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem2.num_reads::cpu.inst        2079526710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem2.num_reads::cpu.data         323962420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem2.num_reads::total           2403489130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem2.num_writes::cpu.data        187387796                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem2.num_writes::total           187387796                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem2.num_other::cpu.data           5403067                       # Number of other requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem2.num_other::total              5403067                       # Number of other requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem2.bw_read::cpu.inst          3723784842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem2.bw_read::cpu.data           669666123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem2.bw_read::total             4393450966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem2.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     3723784842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem2.bw_inst_read::total        3723784842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem2.bw_write::cpu.data          401682091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem2.bw_write::total             401682091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem2.bw_total::cpu.inst         3723784842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem2.bw_total::cpu.data         1071348214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem2.bw_total::total            4795133057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem2.readReqs                            0                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem2.writeReqs                           0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem2.cpureqs                             0                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem2.bytesRead                           0                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem2.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem2.bytesConsumedRd                     0                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem2.bytesConsumedWr                     0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem2.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem2.neitherReadNorWrite                 0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::0                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::1                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::2                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::3                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::4                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::5                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::6                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::7                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::8                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::9                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::10                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::11                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::12                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::13                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::14                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankRdReqs::15                   0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::0                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::1                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::2                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::3                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::4                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::5                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::6                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::7                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::8                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::9                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::10                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::11                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::12                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::13                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::14                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.perBankWrReqs::15                   0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem2.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem2.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem2.totGap                              0                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem2.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem2.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem2.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem2.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem2.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem2.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem2.readPktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem2.readPktSize::7                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem2.readPktSize::8                      0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem2.writePktSize::0                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem2.writePktSize::1                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem2.writePktSize::2                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem2.writePktSize::3                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem2.writePktSize::4                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem2.writePktSize::5                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem2.writePktSize::6                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem2.writePktSize::7                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem2.writePktSize::8                     0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem2.neitherpktsize::0                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem2.neitherpktsize::1                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem2.neitherpktsize::2                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem2.neitherpktsize::3                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem2.neitherpktsize::4                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem2.neitherpktsize::5                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem2.neitherpktsize::6                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem2.neitherpktsize::7                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem2.neitherpktsize::8                   0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.rdQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem2.totQLat                             0                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem2.totMemAccLat                        0                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem2.totBusLat                           0                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem2.totBankLat                          0                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem2.avgQLat                           nan                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem2.avgBankLat                        nan                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem2.avgBusLat                         nan                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem2.avgMemAccLat                      nan                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem2.avgRdBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem2.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem2.avgConsumedRdBW                  0.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem2.avgConsumedWrBW                  0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem2.peakBW                       16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem2.busUtil                          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem2.avgRdQLen                        0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem2.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem2.readRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem2.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem2.readRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem2.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem2.avgGap                            nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.numCycles                       2233777513                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  2228284650                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    2229160714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1839325658                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               14608322                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    44037246                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    316367761                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1839325658                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      14608322                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          4305540407                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         2100562807                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             35401841                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            22917558                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     547951940                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   349807670                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  198144270                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2233777513                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
