
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000015                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    15014000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   15014000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  15963                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    28915                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44538984                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 232848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5380                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          9746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             19392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              9344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                28736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        19392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           19392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           1291594512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            622352471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1913946983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      1291594512                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         1291594512                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          1291594512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           622352471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1913946983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           450                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                            450                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        28736                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  28736                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    41                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                    20                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    55                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    23                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                    52                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    23                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                    17                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    14                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    22                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    35                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   29                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   39                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   12                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   17                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   34                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   17                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        14993500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     450                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                        1656450                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  12024450                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      1800000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     8568000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        3681.00                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    19040.00                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26721.00                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1913.95                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                1913.95                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                          11.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.80                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        352                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   78.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        33318.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            30029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                     3018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted               3018                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect                546                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                  2500                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                      796                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                        0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                   0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles               8963                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          14512                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        3018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches                796                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                          3937                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    2417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles                   3663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   28                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           144                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      1881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   288                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              18583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.378787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.879591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    14745     79.35%     79.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                      189      1.02%     80.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      157      0.84%     81.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      193      1.04%     82.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      162      0.87%     83.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      171      0.92%     84.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      265      1.43%     85.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      161      0.87%     86.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                     2540     13.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                18583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.100503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.483266                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                     9455                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                  3616                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      3547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   135                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   1830                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  24452                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   1830                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                     9798                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    2386                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            485                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      3325                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                   759                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  22970                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                     7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                     39                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents                   640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               25107                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 55203                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            55187                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                16                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 11061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    14046                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 31                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             31                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      2021                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 2205                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                1757                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                11                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                7                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      20458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  35                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     17350                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               213                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined            9975                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        13877                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         18583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.933649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.794423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               13202     71.04%     71.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                1385      7.45%     78.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                1043      5.61%     84.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 691      3.72%     87.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 742      3.99%     91.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 623      3.35%     95.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 598      3.22%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 257      1.38%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  42      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           18583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     138     77.53%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     19     10.67%     88.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    21     11.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 4      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 13964     80.48%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 1899     10.95%     91.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                1483      8.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  17350                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.577775                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         178                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.010259                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              53666                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             30475                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16004                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   8                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  4                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            4                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  17520                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       4                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1153                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          822                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   1830                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    1703                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    33                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               20493                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  2205                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 1757                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 31                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      3                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             56                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          601                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  657                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 16426                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  1777                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         3141                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     1630                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       1364                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.547005                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          16198                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         16008                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     10179                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     15729                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.533085                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.647149                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           10746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              12                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        16753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.581747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.458276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        13224     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         1319      7.87%     86.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          595      3.55%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          710      4.24%     94.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          351      2.10%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          138      0.82%     97.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          120      0.72%     98.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           75      0.45%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          221      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        16753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                 5380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                   9746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           1987                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          1052                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       1208                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                      9652                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        37024                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       42843                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             153                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           11446                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                          9746                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                  5380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               5.581599                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         5.581599                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.179160                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.179160                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    28877                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   17233                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                         4                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                    7157                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                144.838495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                     1482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                   4.875000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     144.838495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.070722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.070722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         1482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            1482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          1482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             1482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         1482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            1482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     19371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     19371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     19371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         1881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         1881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.212121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.212121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.212121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.212121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.212121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.212121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48548.872180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48548.872180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48548.872180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48548.872180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48548.872180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48548.872180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          308                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           44                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           95                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           95                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15461500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15461500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15461500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15461500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15461500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15461500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.161616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.161616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.161616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50860.197368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50860.197368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50860.197368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50860.197368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50860.197368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50860.197368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               178.021458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.002681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    144.985394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     33.036064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.004425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.005433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15146500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3811500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3992500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3992500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15146500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     22950500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15146500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     22950500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49988.448845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53683.098592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50689.839572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52532.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52532.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49988.448845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53088.435374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51001.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49988.448845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53088.435374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51001.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11336952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2944072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14281024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3029110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3029110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11336952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5973182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17310134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11336952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5973182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17310134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37415.683168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41465.802817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38184.556150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39856.710526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39856.710526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37415.683168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40633.891156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38466.964444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37415.683168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40633.891156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38466.964444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 83.281408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     2284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  15.861111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      83.281408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.020332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.020332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          2284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             2284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         2284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            2284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6336500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6336500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4220500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4220500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     10557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     10557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.081283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50289.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50289.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55532.894737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55532.894737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52262.376238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52262.376238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52262.376238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52262.376238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          132                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           22                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           55                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3735500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3735500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4068500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4068500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081283                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081283                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.059131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.059131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52612.676056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52612.676056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53532.894737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53532.894737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53088.435374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53088.435374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53088.435374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53088.435374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
