
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.204982                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5204982293000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5204982293000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 233342                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   447673                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            11247967547                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 849540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   462.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   107978732                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     207159910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        35152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       137616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker        65352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        864448872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         69078677                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker        87568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker        42392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst        160958728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data         27339153                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total           1122193510                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst    864448872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst    160958728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      1025407600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2991104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data      48342743                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data      21309608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          72643471                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker        17202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker         8169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst         108056109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data          12053051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker        10946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker         5299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst          20119841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data           4057514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total             144328941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data          7125507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data          2934421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total             10106666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         26439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker         12556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           166081040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            13271645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         16824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker          8145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            30923972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             5252497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               215599871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      166081040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       30923972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          197005012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       574662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data            9287782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            4094079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               13956526                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       581415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker        26439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker        12559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          166081040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           22559427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker        16824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker         8145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           30923972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            9346576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              229556397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           810                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        46736                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          47248                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        51840                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2991104                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  35152                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2991104                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    16                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   298                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    32                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    48                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                    80                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    16                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    16                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   16                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   16                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   64                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   32                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   32                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  144                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2944                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  3168                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  3232                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  3264                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  3120                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2992                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2960                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  3096                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2856                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2768                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2640                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2640                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2560                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2768                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2992                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     63181906000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                     298                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     512                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  46736                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                       34586744                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  44980744                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      3240000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     7154000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       42699.68                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     8832.10                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  55531.78                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           0.01                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   0.01                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.57                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.15                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        716                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     45919                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   88.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  98.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1328858.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        32768                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           30                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2987008                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          813                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.cpu0.numCycles                     10407785201                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   92551705                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    178518504                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            168457719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     16414006                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   168457719                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          415888508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         210334532                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     20039545                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   12899818                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7139727                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              9669886063.125444                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              737899137.874556                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.070899                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.929101                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.numCycles                     10409964586                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   15427027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     28641406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             28123113                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1978272                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    28123113                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           73027794                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          31865306                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      7025055                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    4066664                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2958391                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10280021112.934025                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              129943473.065975                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.012483                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.987517                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
