
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.061066                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2061066313000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2061066313000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 632829                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   634711                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              878254717                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 225052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2346.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1485108088                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1489523282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             65216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1672512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1737728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        65216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           65216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       161152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            161152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               1019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              26133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 27152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2518                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2518                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                31642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data               811479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                  843121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           31642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              31642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks             78189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                  78189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks             78189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               31642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data              811479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                 921310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   49                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4122132626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1485108088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1489523282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1319481286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                8454127                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1207835                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     78161762                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1319481286                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       8454127                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          2499743560                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         1234343144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             16769332                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            10359244                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     569365766                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   402515345                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  166850421                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4122132626                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    118                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                906.468716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs               1485111892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               1341564.491418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     906.468716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.442612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.442612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1485111892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1485111892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1485111892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1485111892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1485111892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1485111892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57199000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57199000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1485112999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1485112999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1485112999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1485112999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1485112999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1485112999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51670.280036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51670.280036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51670.280036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51670.280036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51670.280036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51670.280036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49670.280036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49670.280036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49670.280036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49670.280036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49670.280036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49670.280036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 449125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4095.236014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                568907764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 453221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                1255.254642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              559340000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4095.236014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    402319357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       402319357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    166587088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      166587088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data         1319                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total            1319                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     568906445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        568906445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    568906445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       568906445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       193486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        193486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       259728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       259728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total             7                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       453214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         453214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       453214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        453214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2694826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2694826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4294500000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4294500000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       133000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       133000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   6989326000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6989326000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6989326000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6989326000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    402512843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    402512843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    166846816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    166846816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data         1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total         1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    569359659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    569359659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    569359659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    569359659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005279                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13927.757047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13927.757047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16534.605433                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16534.605433                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        19000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total        19000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15421.690416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15421.690416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15421.690416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15421.690416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       435341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            435341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       193486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       259728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       259728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       453214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       453214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       453214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       453214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2307854000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2307854000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3775044000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3775044000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       119000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       119000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6082898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6082898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6082898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6082898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11927.757047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11927.757047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14534.605433                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14534.605433                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        17000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        17000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13421.690416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13421.690416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13421.690416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13421.690416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                  2539                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             22253.549915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  534785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 23989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 22.292926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 20839.325928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    913.017348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    501.206640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.635966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.027863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.015296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.679124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           88                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       189212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         189300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       435341                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       435341                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       237876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       237876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       427088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          427176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           88                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       427088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         427176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         4274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         5293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        21859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        21859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        26133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         27152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        26133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        27152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    222248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    275246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1136668000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1136668000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1358916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1411914000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1358916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1411914000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       193486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       194593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       435341                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       435341                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       259735                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       259735                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       453221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       454328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       453221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       454328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.920506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.084159                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.084159                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.920506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.920506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52009.813543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52001.889288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52009.813543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52000.368297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52009.813543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52000.368297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks         2518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total             2518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        21859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        21859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40770000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    170960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    211730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    874360000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    874360000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40770000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1045320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1086090000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40770000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1045320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1086090000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.920506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.084159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.920506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.920506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40009.813543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40001.889288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40009.813543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40000.368297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40009.813543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40000.368297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
