
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.434475                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                434474519000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               434474519000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  38128                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    70503                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20033995                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 425632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 21686.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   826877109                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1528988700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            208768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24478784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24687552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       208768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          208768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18796800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18796800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             382481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                385743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          293700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               293700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               480507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             56341127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                56821634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          480507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             480507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          43263297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               43263297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          43263297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              480507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            56341127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              100084930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        385745                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       293700                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         892876                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     24687552                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18796800                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               24687552                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               18796800                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      153                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite             213431                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 24700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 23020                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 24951                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 25312                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 24893                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 24562                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 23866                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 24721                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 22873                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 23594                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                23233                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                23428                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                24104                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                24149                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                24038                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                24148                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 19119                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 17956                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 18933                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 18994                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 19037                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 18740                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 18105                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 18525                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 17461                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 17937                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                17747                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                17631                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                18446                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                18298                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                18336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                18435                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    434474502000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  385745                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 293700                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6               213431                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    380877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     12765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     12768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    12770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    12769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    12769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    12769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    12769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    12769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    12769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    12769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    12769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    12769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    12769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     3519643685                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11592955685                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1542368000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  6530944000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9127.90                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    16937.45                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30065.34                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          56.82                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          43.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  56.82                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  43.26                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.43                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     340663                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    151214                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   88.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  51.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       639455.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  551                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        868949039                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                215014033                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted          215014033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect           13139181                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             150598539                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                147901505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                        0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                   0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          180614847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1193262475                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   215014033                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          147901505                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     371277896                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                83426833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              232782979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                33409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        326127                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           43                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 173495457                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               3828584                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          855065277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.591332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.388122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                488192536     57.09%     57.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 24710241      2.89%     59.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 27337259      3.20%     63.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 28858306      3.37%     66.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 18484631      2.16%     68.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 24605565      2.88%     71.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 30659669      3.59%     75.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 28862609      3.38%     78.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                183354461     21.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            855065277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.247441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.373225                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                236982267                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             189423372                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 313528776                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              45100886                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               70029976                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2167023894                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                     1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               70029976                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                270449085                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                55242479                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          16336                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 322681638                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             136645763                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2120157955                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                 31600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               21404699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents             100960761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents               90                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2216593007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            5356094891                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       5355960834                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            134057                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1614040852                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                602552155                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               1359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           1337                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 330141203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            512720290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           204905378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         196472643                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         55515054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 2034068735                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               23193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1808313369                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            844321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       499602168                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    818314817                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          22641                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     855065277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.114825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.887939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           234637728     27.44%     27.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           145403732     17.00%     44.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           138360216     16.18%     60.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           132907885     15.54%     76.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            96033162     11.23%     87.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            58823757      6.88%     94.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            34984722      4.09%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            12006815      1.40%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             1907260      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       855065277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 4945166     32.31%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     32.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                7763763     50.73%     83.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               2595950     16.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           2718674      0.15%      0.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1190900507     65.86%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            438963543     24.27%     90.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           175730645      9.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1808313369                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.081035                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    15304879                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.008464                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4487818749                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2533909829                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1768767082                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               22466                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              43013                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5176                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1820889036                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   10538                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        170573463                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    128618134                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       471778                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       270529                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     55745634                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12450                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           553                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               70029976                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                17665795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               2858627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          2034091928                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           2374153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             512720290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            204905820                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               6054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1808225                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 77432                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         270529                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        9117470                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4488132                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             13605602                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1780566222                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             431424657                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          27747147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    602146985                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                169282711                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  170722328                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.049103                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1775473697                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1768772258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1341647639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1964496615                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.035530                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.682947                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       505138383                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             552                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          13172358                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    785035301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.947669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.458282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    291749780     37.16%     37.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    195656650     24.92%     62.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     62029975      7.90%     69.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     92178611     11.74%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25075017      3.19%     84.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     28259306      3.60%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      9351525      1.19%     89.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     10844977      1.38%     91.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     69889460      8.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    785035301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            826877109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1528988700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      533262342                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     384102156                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  149758583                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1528317559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              69889460                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2749272924                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  4138465929                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          341987                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        13883762                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   826877109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1528988700                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             826877109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.050881                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.050881                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.951583                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.951583                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               3357585069                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1848487641                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      5173                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                        5                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               980297933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   5393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1034.711169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                173255660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   6985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               24803.959914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1034.711169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.505230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.505230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    173271214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       173271214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     173271214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        173271214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    173271214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       173271214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       224243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        224243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       224243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         224243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       224243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        224243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1406797999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1406797999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1406797999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1406797999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1406797999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1406797999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    173495457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    173495457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    173495457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    173495457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    173495457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    173495457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6273.542536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6273.542536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6273.542536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6273.542536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6273.542536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6273.542536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          407                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.307692                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       221942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       221942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       221942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       221942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       221942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       221942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    897728499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    897728499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    897728499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    897728499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    897728499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    897728499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4044.878838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4044.878838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4044.878838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4044.878838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4044.878838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4044.878838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                353060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             29622.342672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 3697189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                385414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  9.592773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle          201829074500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 21058.164970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    233.252133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data   8330.925570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.642644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.007118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.254240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.904002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         3678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1586630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1590308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2331225                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2331225                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         1512                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         1512                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       564634                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       564634                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         3678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2151264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2154942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         3678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2151264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2154942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       175752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       179015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data       213396                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       213396                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       206766                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       206766                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       382518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        385781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       382518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       385781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183052500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9258735955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9441788455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7420500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      7420500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10977713000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10977713000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183052500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  20236448955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20419501455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183052500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  20236448955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20419501455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1762382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1769323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2331225                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2331225                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data       214908                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       214908                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       771400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       771400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         6941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2533782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2540723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         6941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2533782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2540723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.470105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992964                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992964                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268040                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.268040                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.470105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.470105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56099.448360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52680.686166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52743.001732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data    34.773379                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    34.773379                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53092.447501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53092.447501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56099.448360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52903.259337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52930.293236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56099.448360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52903.259337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52930.293236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       293700                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           293700                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       175752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       179015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       213396                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       213396                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       206766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       382518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       385781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       382518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       385781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    141813443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6996065941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7137879384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2139624153                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2139624153                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8343894304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8343894304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    141813443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15339960245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15481773688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    141813443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15339960245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15481773688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.470105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992964                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992964                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.470105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.470105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43461.061293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39806.465594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39873.079820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10026.542920                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10026.542920                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40354.286024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40354.286024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43461.061293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40102.584048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40130.990609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43461.061293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40102.584048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40130.990609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2529684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4087.842112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                405350413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2533780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 159.978535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle             1787438000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4087.842112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.998008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.998008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    256614449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       256614449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    148157374                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148157374                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     404771823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        404771823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    404771823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       404771823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2894004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2894004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1002828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1002828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3896832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3896832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3896832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3896832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  50112721500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50112721500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  24443408500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24443408500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  74556130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74556130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  74556130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74556130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    259508453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    259508453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    408668655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    408668655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    408668655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    408668655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006723                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006723                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 17316.051222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17316.051222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24374.477478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24374.477478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19132.497885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19132.497885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19132.497885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19132.497885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5893                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               639                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.222222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2331225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2331225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1131349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1131349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        16796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1148145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1148145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1148145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1148145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1762655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1762655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       986032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       986032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2748687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2748687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2748687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2748687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26924834500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26924834500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22273976000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22273976000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49198810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  49198810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49198810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  49198810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006611                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006611                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15275.158497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15275.158497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22589.506223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22589.506223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17899.022515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17899.022515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17899.022515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17899.022515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
