
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000262                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   261623500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  261623500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114971                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114971                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45557694                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 232524                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      660239                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        660239                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            18240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst              448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data              960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst              576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data             1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst             3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data             1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        18240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst          576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           22656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                 9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            69718508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            40363347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             1712384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             3669395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst             2201637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             3914021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst            12965196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             5381780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               139926268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       69718508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        1712384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst        2201637                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       12965196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           86597725                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           69718508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           40363347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            1712384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            3669395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst            2201637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            3914021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst           12965196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            5381780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              139926268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          523247                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     158010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       158010                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               108832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        25938                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      108832                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             314654                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            110438                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        73739                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      48819                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     24920                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                    523247                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               212.464540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                  157606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                   467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                337.486081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   212.464540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.414970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.414970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       157606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         157606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       157606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          157606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       157606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         157606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       158073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       158073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       158073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       158073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       158073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       158073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38852.248394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38852.248394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38852.248394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38852.248394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38852.248394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38852.248394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36852.248394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36852.248394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36852.248394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36852.248394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36852.248394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36852.248394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               145.601248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                   73215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                   167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                438.413174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   145.601248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.284377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.284377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        48647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data        73333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           73333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data        73333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          73333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4649500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4649500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7005000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7005000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       363500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       363500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11654500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11654500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11654500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11654500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        48809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        73678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        73678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28700.617284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28700.617284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38278.688525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38278.688525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13980.769231                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13980.769231                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33781.159420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33781.159420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33781.159420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33781.159420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4325500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4325500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6639000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6639000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       311500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       311500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10964500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10964500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10964500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10964500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007359                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007359                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26700.617284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26700.617284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36278.688525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36278.688525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11980.769231                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11980.769231                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31781.159420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31781.159420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31781.159420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31781.159420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                          523247                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     173283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       173283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               108736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        36284                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      108736                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             252002                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes             93825                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        48621                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      40031                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                      8590                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              68750.001737                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              454496.998263                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.868609                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.131391                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                65.593035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                  172950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                472.540984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    65.593035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.128111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.128111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       172950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         172950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       172950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          172950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       172950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         172950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5373500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5373500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5373500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5373500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5373500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5373500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       173316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       173316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       173316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       173316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       173316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       173316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14681.693989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14681.693989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14681.693989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14681.693989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14681.693989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14681.693989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      4641500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4641500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      4641500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4641500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      4641500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4641500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12681.693989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12681.693989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12681.693989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12681.693989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12681.693989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12681.693989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse                25.918058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                   19532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                    30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                651.066667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    25.918058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.050621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.050621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        39847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          39847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data         8412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          8412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        48259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           48259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        48259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          48259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1875500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1875500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       659500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       659500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5191500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      5191500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5191500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      5191500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        40024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data         8517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        48541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        48541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012328                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012328                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.774648                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.774648                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18734.463277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18734.463277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17861.904762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17861.904762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11990.909091                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11990.909091                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18409.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18409.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18409.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18409.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1665500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1665500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       549500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       549500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4627500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4627500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4627500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4627500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012328                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012328                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.774648                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774648                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16734.463277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16734.463277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15861.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15861.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9990.909091                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9990.909091                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16409.574468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16409.574468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16409.574468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16409.574468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.numCycles                          523246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     160665                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       160665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               113639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        27518                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      113639                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             306682                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            118721                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                        62290                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      42488                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     19802                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              69015.869837                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              454230.130163                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.868101                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.131899                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse                67.731754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                  160331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs                436.869210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    67.731754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.132289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.132289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       160331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         160331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       160331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          160331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       160331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         160331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5321500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5321500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       160698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       160698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       160698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       160698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       160698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        14500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        14500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        14500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        14500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        14500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4587500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4587500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4587500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4587500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        12500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        12500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        12500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        12500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        12500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        12500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse                26.833050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                   41851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                    29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs               1443.137931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    26.833050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.052408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.052408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        42328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          42328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        19626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           10                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             10                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        61954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           61954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        61954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          61954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       612500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       612500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4093000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4093000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4093000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4093000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        42480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        42480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        19732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           68                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        62212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        62212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        62212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        62212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.852941                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.852941                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        12750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        12750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20330.188679                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20330.188679                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10560.344828                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10560.344828                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15864.341085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15864.341085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15864.341085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15864.341085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1943000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1943000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       496500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       496500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005372                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005372                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.852941                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852941                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18330.188679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18330.188679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8560.344828                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8560.344828                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13864.341085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13864.341085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13864.341085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13864.341085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.numCycles                          523246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     168281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       168281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               108796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        33752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      108796                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             262371                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes             98980                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        51213                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      40064                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     11149                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              69253.869381                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              453992.130619                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.867646                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.132354                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                70.063196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                  167948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs                458.874317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    70.063196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.136842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.136842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       167948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         167948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       167948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          167948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       167948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         167948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       168314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       168314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       168314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       168314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       168314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       168314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20062.841530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20062.841530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20062.841530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20062.841530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20062.841530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20062.841530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 18062.841530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18062.841530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 18062.841530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18062.841530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 18062.841530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18062.841530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse                27.713697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                   24536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                    29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                846.068966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    27.713697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.054128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.054128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        39885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          39885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        10974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        50859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           50859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        50859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          50859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1971500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1971500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       653500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       653500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5376500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      5376500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5376500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      5376500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        40057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        11078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        11078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        51135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        51135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.009388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.797101                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.797101                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19796.511628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19796.511628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18956.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18956.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11881.818182                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11881.818182                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19480.072464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19480.072464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19480.072464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19480.072464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1763500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1763500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       543500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       543500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4824500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4824500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4824500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4824500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.009388                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009388                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.797101                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.797101                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17796.511628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17796.511628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16956.730769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16956.730769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9881.818182                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9881.818182                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17480.072464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17480.072464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17480.072464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17480.072464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                       349.154335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                            1221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                           429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          2.846154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.889459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           231.842883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            54.217473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst             6.219466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data             0.812784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst             1.917796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.data             0.863537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            46.262373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu3.data             6.128563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.003538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.000827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            0.000706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu3.data            0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.005328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                  9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                  9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                  3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   1221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                  3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1221                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data               66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data                2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data                2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst               60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data                8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                85                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               60                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3451000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       697500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       104500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3071500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       23353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5169500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       736000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       737500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       793500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7436500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14917500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8620500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       697500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data       836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data       842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3071500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1203500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        30789500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14917500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8620500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       697500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data       836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data       842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3071500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1203500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       30789500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data             71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data             11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data             11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data             11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               1670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              87                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                1812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               1812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.929577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.038251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.032698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.163934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.727273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.268862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.977011                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.610278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.038251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.032698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.163934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.884615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.326159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.038251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.032698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.163934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.884615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.326159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52342.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52287.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 49821.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        50000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50083.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 51191.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        51250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52011.135857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52217.171717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52571.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52678.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        52900                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52369.718310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52342.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52245.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 49821.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50083.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 51191.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52326.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52097.292724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52342.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52245.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 49821.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50083.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 51191.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52326.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52097.292724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11406500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       282500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      2120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1124491                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       722495                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       800000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       761996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3408982                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3960000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       565000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       566500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       609500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5701000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11406500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       282500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       646500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      2120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       889500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11406500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       282500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       646500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      2120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       889500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.929577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.144809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977011                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.144809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.144809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40022.807018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40357.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40020.930233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40160.392857                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40138.611111                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40105.052632                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40105.670588                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40357.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40464.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40633.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40147.887324                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40022.807018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40406.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40431.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40052.447552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40022.807018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40406.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40431.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40052.447552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
