
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.950814                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1950813955500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1950813955500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 770652                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   770652                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            24652738853                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 325660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    79.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60983017                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      60983017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           827264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24727744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2650880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            38464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           439872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28684224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       827264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        38464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          865728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7706496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7706496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            386371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              6873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                448191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          120414                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               120414                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              424061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12675603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1358858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               19717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              225481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14703721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         424061                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          19717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             443778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3950400                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3950400                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3950400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             424061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12675603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1358858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              19717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             225481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18654121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        448191                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       120414                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         599152                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     28684224                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7706496                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               28684224                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7706496                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       57                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               7175                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 28371                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 27660                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 28102                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 27702                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 28190                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 28020                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 27664                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 27960                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 28118                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 28027                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                27925                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                28196                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                28402                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                28329                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                27819                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                27649                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7817                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7270                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  7535                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  7162                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7656                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7513                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  7150                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  7412                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7610                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  7562                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7469                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 7772                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 8034                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 7948                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7345                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 7159                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                         530                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1950760240000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  448191                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 120944                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                 7175                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    409750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      2349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      2844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      2407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      2013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      4960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      5066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                      276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     2917085023                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10998617023                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1792536000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  6288996000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6509.40                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14033.74                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24543.14                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          14.70                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  14.70                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   3.95                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.51                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     428061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     76773                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  63.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3430782.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.l2c.replacements                        341335                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     65247.035905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         2438054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        406311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          6.000463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                    6891280002                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        55545.332470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4807.217204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          4686.652945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           164.376424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            43.456861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.847555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.073352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.071513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.002508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.000663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.995591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             674205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             658217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             328581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             113535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1774538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          791470                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               791470                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             174                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             564                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 738                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           123887                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            48972                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               172859                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              674205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              782104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              328581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              162507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1947397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             674205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             782104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             328581                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             162507                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1947397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            12926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           271631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst              612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               285416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2969                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1806                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4775                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          939                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          944                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1883                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         115505                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           6644                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             122149                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            387136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              6891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                407565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12926                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           387136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              612                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             6891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               407565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    706675500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11506519500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     33342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15821000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    12262358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1244500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10405997                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     11650497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       840000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       182000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1022000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5700012000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    427427500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6127439500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    706675500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17206531500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     33342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    443248500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     18389797500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    706675500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17206531500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     33342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    443248500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    18389797500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         687131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         929848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         329193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         113782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2059954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       791470                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           791470                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         3143                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2370                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5513                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          975                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          968                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1943                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       239392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        55616                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           295008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          687131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1169240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          329193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          169398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2354962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         687131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1169240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         329193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         169398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2354962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.292124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.001859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.002171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.138555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.944639                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.762025                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.866135                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.975207                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.969120                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.482493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.414053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.331101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.001859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.040679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.173066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.331101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.001859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.040679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.173066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 54670.857187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42360.847989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54480.392157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64052.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42963.106483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   419.164702                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5761.903101                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2439.894660                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   894.568690                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   192.796610                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   542.750929                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49348.616943                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64332.856713                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50163.648495                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 54670.857187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44445.702544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54480.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64322.812364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45121.140186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 54670.857187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44445.702544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54480.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64322.812364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45121.140186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               78894                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    78894                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2969                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1806                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4775                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          939                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          944                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1883                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       115505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6644                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        122149                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       387136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           407554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       387136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          407554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    543164896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7977851486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     25213167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12672975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8558902524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29845964                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     18081803                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47927767                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9405923                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9440944                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18846867                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4207932893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    343549452                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4551482345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    543164896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12185784379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     25213167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    356222427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13110384869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    543164896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12185784379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     25213167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    356222427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13110384869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1373080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     18172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1391252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2155311500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    683999000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2839310500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3528391500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    702171000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4230562500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.138549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.944639                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.762025                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866135                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963077                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.975207                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969120                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.482493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.173062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42021.112177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29370.180451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 41952.024958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51307.591093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29988.621517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10052.530818                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10012.072536                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10037.228691                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10016.957401                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10008.957515                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36430.742332                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51708.225768                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37261.724165                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42021.112177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31476.753335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 41952.024958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51693.865477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32168.460790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42021.112177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31476.753335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 41952.024958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51693.865477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32168.460790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     41696                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     0.562950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1745713328000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       0.562950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.035184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.035184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41728                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21268998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21268998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9497531806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9497531806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9518800804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9518800804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9518800804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9518800804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120846.579545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120846.579545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 228569.787399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228569.787399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 228115.433378                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228115.433378                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 228115.433378                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228115.433378                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        188605                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                22594                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.347570                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7334778982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7334778982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7346894982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7346894982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   7346894982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7346894982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68840.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68840.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 176520.479929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176520.479929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 176066.309960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176066.309960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 176066.309960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176066.309960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7424685                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7443                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  490673                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5011105                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      813                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         134                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 187452                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    12435790                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8256                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          344                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  678125                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3481701                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3871                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3485572                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3900399041                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   47350784                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     47350784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             43919786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                206365                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1188579                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5567614                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    43919786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       206365                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           60378491                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          32741801                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              100221                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             101982                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12475691                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7451626                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5024065                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3698902228.116945                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              201496812.883055                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.051661                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.948339                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6813                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    162790                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   55943     40.16%     40.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.09%     40.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1971      1.41%     41.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    443      0.32%     41.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  80829     58.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              139317                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    55450     49.07%     49.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.12%     49.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1971      1.74%     50.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     443      0.39%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   55007     48.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               113002                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1898623862000     97.36%     97.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               92984000      0.00%     97.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              759861500      0.04%     97.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              328899000      0.02%     97.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            50393884000      2.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1950199490500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991187                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.680535                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.811114                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.60%      3.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.56%     12.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.80%     13.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        32     14.41%     28.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.45%     28.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.05%     32.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.50%     37.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.70%     40.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.45%     40.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.35%     41.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.15%     45.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.90%     45.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       36     16.22%     62.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.35%     63.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.50%     68.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.50%     72.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.45%     72.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.70%     75.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       23     10.36%     86.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.35%     87.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.70%     90.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.45%     90.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.35%     91.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      4.05%     95.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.90%     96.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.90%     97.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.45%     98.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.90%     99.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.90%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   222                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  525      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3024      2.05%      2.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.03%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               132461     89.75%     92.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6674      4.52%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4310      2.92%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 381      0.26%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     136      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                147588                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6865                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1283                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1283                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1283                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.186890                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.314924                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1946502716500     99.83%     99.83% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3403122000      0.17%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3025                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                686544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               509.179305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                46672235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                687056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 67.930758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           32409447000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.179305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.994491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     46672235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       46672235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     46672235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        46672235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     46672235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       46672235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       687149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       687149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       687149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        687149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       687149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       687149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9571696500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9571696500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9571696500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9571696500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9571696500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9571696500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     47359384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47359384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     47359384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     47359384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     47359384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     47359384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13929.579320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13929.579320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13929.579320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13929.579320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13929.579320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13929.579320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       687149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       687149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       687149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8197398500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8197398500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8197398500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8197398500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8197398500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8197398500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11929.579320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11929.579320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11929.579320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11929.579320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11929.579320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11929.579320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements               1171731                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               505.264467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                11253773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs               1172148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                  9.600983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              93429000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.264467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.986845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.986845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6351999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6351999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4607371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4607371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       138396                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       138396                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       145569                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       145569                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10959370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10959370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10959370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10959370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       933038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       933038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       249274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       249274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13435                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13435                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         5731                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5731                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1182312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1182312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1182312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1182312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20824713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20824713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7766651000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7766651000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    144248500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    144248500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43490500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     43490500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28591364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28591364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28591364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28591364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7285037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7285037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4856645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4856645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       151831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       151831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       151300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       151300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12141682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12141682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12141682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12141682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.128076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.128076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088487                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088487                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037878                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037878                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22319.254950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22319.254950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31157.084172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31157.084172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10736.769632                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10736.769632                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7588.640726                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7588.640726                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24182.588014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24182.588014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24182.588014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24182.588014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       672345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           672345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       933038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       933038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       249274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       249274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13435                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13435                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5731                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5731                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1182312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1182312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1182312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1182312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18958637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18958637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7268103000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7268103000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    117378500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117378500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32028500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32028500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  26226740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26226740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  26226740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26226740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1465462500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1465462500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2285670500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2285670500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3751133000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3751133000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.128076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051326                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051326                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088487                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088487                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037878                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037878                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20319.254950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20319.254950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29157.084172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29157.084172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8736.769632                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8736.769632                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5588.640726                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5588.640726                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22182.588014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22182.588014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22182.588014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22182.588014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2500361                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2992                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  239363                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1820984                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      341                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          29                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 105247                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     4321345                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      3333                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           29                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  344610                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1990033                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1216                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1991249                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3901627911                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   13632233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     13632233                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             12571690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                180459                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     426713                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1355142                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    12571690                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       180459                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           17311762                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           9221860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               94168                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              96184                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4345653                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2515108                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1830545                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3850258537.998026                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              51369373.001974                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.013166                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.986834                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2717                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     80899                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   27499     38.50%     38.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1966      2.75%     41.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    525      0.74%     41.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  41433     58.01%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               71423                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    26615     48.22%     48.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1966      3.56%     51.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     525      0.95%     52.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   26090     47.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                55196                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1907137344500     97.76%     97.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              705261000      0.04%     97.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              364072500      0.02%     97.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            42606519500      2.18%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1950813197500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.967853                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.629691                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.772804                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     10.58%     10.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        10      9.62%     20.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.96%     21.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      5.77%     26.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.88%     29.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.88%     32.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.85%     36.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       18     17.31%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.88%     56.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.96%     57.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       31     29.81%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      9.62%     97.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   104                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  443      0.60%      0.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2085      2.82%      3.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      3.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                65093     88.17%     91.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2167      2.94%     94.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     94.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3838      5.20%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 136      0.18%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 73828                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2125                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                465                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2925                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                915                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  465                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  450                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.430588                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.153846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.331822                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       18664257000      0.96%      0.96% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1710579000      0.09%      1.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1930438358000     98.96%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    2086                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                328646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               446.257851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                13306402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                329158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 40.425577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle          1948915489000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   446.257851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.871597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.871597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     13306402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13306402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     13306402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        13306402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     13306402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       13306402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       329194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       329194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       329194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        329194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       329194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       329194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4346536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4346536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4346536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4346536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4346536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4346536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     13635596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13635596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     13635596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     13635596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     13635596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     13635596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13203.569931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13203.569931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13203.569931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13203.569931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13203.569931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13203.569931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       329194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       329194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       329194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       329194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       329194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       329194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3688148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3688148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3688148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3688148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3688148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3688148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11203.569931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11203.569931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11203.569931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11203.569931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11203.569931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11203.569931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                172801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               487.450819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                 4146327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                173313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 23.923924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           62292445000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   487.450819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.952052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.952052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2329216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2329216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1699225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1699225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        50220                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50220                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        52927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        52927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4028441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         4028441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4028441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        4028441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       123241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       123241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        64769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        64769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9346                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9346                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         6142                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6142                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       188010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        188010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       188010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       188010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1494406500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1494406500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1166606000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1166606000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     85391000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     85391000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     44592000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     44592000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2661012500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2661012500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2661012500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2661012500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2452457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2452457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1763994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1763994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        59566                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        59566                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        59069                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        59069                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4216451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4216451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4216451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4216451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.156902                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.156902                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103980                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.103980                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12125.887489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12125.887489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18011.795766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18011.795766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9136.635994                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9136.635994                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7260.175838                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7260.175838                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14153.568959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14153.568959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14153.568959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14153.568959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       119125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           119125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       123241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       123241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        64769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        64769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9346                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9346                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6142                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         6142                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       188010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       188010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       188010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       188010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1247924500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1247924500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1037068000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037068000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66699000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66699000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32308000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32308000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2284992500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2284992500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2284992500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2284992500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     19381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     19381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    723292500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    723292500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    742673500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    742673500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.156902                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156902                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103980                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103980                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10125.887489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10125.887489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16011.795766                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16011.795766                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7136.635994                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7136.635994                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5260.175838                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5260.175838                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12153.568959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12153.568959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12153.568959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12153.568959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
