
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.041615                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 41615049000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                41615049000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 117678                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   117678                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53286406                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 217828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   780.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91903056                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91903056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            178816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               316032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       178816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          178816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               2144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              4296907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              3297269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 7594176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         4296907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            4296907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             4296907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             3297269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                7594176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          4938                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           4938                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       316032                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 316032                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   349                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   313                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   229                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   290                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   250                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   283                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   352                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   383                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   282                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  254                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  283                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  313                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  363                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  356                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  332                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     41614997000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    4938                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      3467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                       17845427                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 106827427                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     19752000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    69230000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        3613.90                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14019.85                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21633.74                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           7.59                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   7.59                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       4457                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   90.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      8427500.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     19996253                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         10                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 19996263                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6501863                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        23                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                 6501886                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     26498116                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         33                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 26498149                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     9956935                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        49                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 9956984                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  389                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         83230099                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.lookups          13412629                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branch_predictor.condPredicted      9650146                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branch_predictor.condIncorrect      4269214                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBLookups        7424481                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBHits           3768497                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branch_predictor.usedRAS           1029619                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branch_predictor.RASInCorrect          126                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBHitPct       50.757716                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken      5905664                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken      7506965                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads     73570547                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites     62575472                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses    136146019                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads      2206128                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites      5851888                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses      8058016                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards       38521872                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                   26722393                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect      3469296                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       799060                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted        4268356                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted           5972346                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     41.680307                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions         57404029                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies            458253                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                      82970257                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                           10685                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         7622365                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                         75607734                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         90.841817                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                          19996198                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                          6501103                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                       10240685                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                            7723346                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                             389                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                           43665352                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                          3775974                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91903056                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                      91903056                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total              91903056                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               0.905629                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.905629                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.104205                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.104205                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                 27549736                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                  55680363                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               66.899311                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                 33978401                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                  49251698                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization               59.175345                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                 33378776                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                  49851323                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               59.895787                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                 65203595                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                  18026504                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization               21.658636                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                 29370403                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                  53859696                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               64.711801                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   7635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1492.730683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                  9945572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   9520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                1044.702941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1492.730683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.728872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.728872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      9945572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9945572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       9945572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9945572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      9945572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9945572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        11363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         11363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        11363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          11363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        11363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         11363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    253418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    253418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    253418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    253418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    253418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    253418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      9956935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9956935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      9956935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9956935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      9956935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9956935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22302.032914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22302.032914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22302.032914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22302.032914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22302.032914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22302.032914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            7                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1843                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1843                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    204186500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204186500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    204186500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    204186500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    204186500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    204186500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21448.161765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21448.161765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21448.161765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21448.161765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21448.161765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21448.161765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              2190.387059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                    6793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  2.069775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks    17.839462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   1821.429033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    351.118565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.055586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.010715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.066845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         6726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total           6779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks          107                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total          107                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         6726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total            6805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         6726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           79                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total           6805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         1722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         1722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          4938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         4938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    127130500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     21966500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     79600500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     79600500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    127130500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    101567000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    228697500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    127130500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    101567000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    228697500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total          107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         1748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        11743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        11743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.321761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.985126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.420506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.420506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45501.252684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52053.317536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46361.007463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46225.609756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46225.609756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45501.252684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47372.667910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46313.791009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45501.252684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47372.667910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46313.791009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     91774816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     16652177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108426993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     58348895                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58348895                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     91774816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     75001072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166775888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     91774816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     75001072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166775888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32847.106657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39460.135071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33714.861007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33884.375726                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33884.375726                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32847.106657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34981.843284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33773.974889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32847.106657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34981.843284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33773.974889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                    157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               1441.892023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 26488629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   2223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               11915.712551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    1441.892023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.352024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.352024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     19995623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        19995623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6493006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6493006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      26488629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26488629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     26488629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26488629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         8097                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8097                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         8672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           8672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         8672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          8672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     28721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    329862500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    329862500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    358583500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    358583500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    358583500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    358583500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     19996198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19996198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6501103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6501103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     26497301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26497301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     26497301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26497301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49949.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49949.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40738.853897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40738.853897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41349.573339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41349.573339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41349.573339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41349.573339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11994                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               830                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.450602                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         6349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         6349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data         6449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data         6449                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6449                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     22990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     81618000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81618000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    104608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    104608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        48400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        48400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46692.219680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46692.219680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47057.130004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47057.130004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47057.130004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47057.130004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
